From:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

To:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

Date:
26-9-2016

Thread ID:
157663d9ae08d642

Subject:
Re: Gangasters Water Dispenser at room no:316

Body:
Does any other wing has the same problem please let me know.
If that is the only can then the problem is not in the water plant and the
problem might be some people are keeping the water cans outside with its
cap opened.So there may be  chance of insects entering into the can.If
anyone in your wing is doing that,please tell them to close the cap and put
them back in the box.
From my side,locking system of the cages will be repaired in two days.this
may prevent monkeys.
Please close the latches of of cages which are in perfect condition.The
frequency of cleaning the dispensers is increased to 3 per month.
Thank you

Regards
Naveen
Gen sec.


On Mon, Sep 26, 2016 at 6:22 PM, Karthik Nishanth <
quantumphoton007@gmail.com wrote:

 Apologies for additional spam.

 How exactly are the dispensers cleaned? Water only? Who cleans them? Can
 the @gensec clarify this?

 On Sep 26, 2016 6:18 PM, "Karthik Nishanth" <quantumphoton007@gmail.com
 wrote:

 The hostel zone and academic zone get water from different RO plants. Th
e
 difference is that academic zone water is paid for by departments. I am 
not
 sure about the quality of water that they provide us in the hostel zone.
 May be run a test? Any ideas?

 On Sep 26, 2016 6:15 PM, "Lazim Kainikkara" <lazimk100@gmail.com wrote:

 Pathetic.
 I dont know if this was the problem with 'not so cleaned' water
 dispenser or the the water can or the water. they say it is RO treated 
and
 so and so. what we get is this. that has to be verified in plants.
 The cans are also old. and the dispensers doesnt have a locking
 mechanism for door, not even a latch. the dispenser near Room# 316 is n
ot
 usable for a month or more.

 On Mon, Sep 26, 2016 at 5:17 PM, Jaikishan Dulani <jaiki96@gmail.com
 wrote:

 Ok so this is a serious issue.

 On Mon, Sep 26, 2016 at 4:54 PM, nareshnaik dhanavath <
 dhanavathnareshnaik@gmail.com wrote:

 Concerned secretary look at this issue  and make sure that problem is
 with dispenser cleaning or water tins.
 Hope no similar issues in future...!

 
 Regards,
 Naresh Naik D
 Fourth Year
 Mechanical Engineering 
 IIT MADRAS.

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google
 Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, sen
d
 an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 




 
 Regards
 Jaikishan Dulani
 Technical Affair Secretary, Ganga Hostel
 Third year | Civil Engineering
 E2BE2B
 Indian Institute of Technology Madras(IITM),
 Ph: +919087863840

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google
 Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
 an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 




 
 DDDDDD
 Lazim K
 Tirur

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google
 Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
 an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
 "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
 email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 




You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.


You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "
gangastersiitm" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an e
mail to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
For more options, visit 


