From:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

To:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

Date:
26-9-2016

Thread ID:
157663d9ae08d642

Subject:
Re: Gangasters Water Dispenser at room no:316

Body:
Apologies for additional spam.

How exactly are the dispensers cleaned? Water only? Who cleans them? Can
the @gensec clarify this?

On Sep 26, 2016 6:18 PM, "Karthik Nishanth" <quantumphoton007@gmail.com
wrote:

 The hostel zone and academic zone get water from different RO plants. The
 difference is that academic zone water is paid for by departments. I am n
ot
 sure about the quality of water that they provide us in the hostel zone.
 May be run a test? Any ideas?

 On Sep 26, 2016 6:15 PM, "Lazim Kainikkara" <lazimk100@gmail.com wrote:

 Pathetic.
 I dont know if this was the problem with 'not so cleaned' water dispense
r
 or the the water can or the water. they say it is RO treated and so and 
so.
 what we get is this. that has to be verified in plants.
 The cans are also old. and the dispensers doesnt have a locking mechanis
m
 for door, not even a latch. the dispenser near Room# 316 is not usable f
or
 a month or more.

 On Mon, Sep 26, 2016 at 5:17 PM, Jaikishan Dulani <jaiki96@gmail.com
 wrote:

 Ok so this is a serious issue.

 On Mon, Sep 26, 2016 at 4:54 PM, nareshnaik dhanavath <
 dhanavathnareshnaik@gmail.com wrote:

 Concerned secretary look at this issue  and make sure that problem is
 with dispenser cleaning or water tins.
 Hope no similar issues in future...!

 
 Regards,
 Naresh Naik D
 Fourth Year
 Mechanical Engineering 
 IIT MADRAS.

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google
 Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
 an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 




 
 Regards
 Jaikishan Dulani
 Technical Affair Secretary, Ganga Hostel
 Third year | Civil Engineering
 E2BE2B
 Indian Institute of Technology Madras(IITM),
 Ph: +919087863840

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google
 Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
 an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 




 
 DDDDDD
 Lazim K
 Tirur

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Group
s
 "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send a
n
 email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 





You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.


You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "
gangastersiitm" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an e
mail to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
For more options, visit 


