From:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

To:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

Date:
26-9-2016

Thread ID:
15765af99171cedd

Subject:
Re: Gangasters Water dispensers vs Monkeys

Body:
Or have a foot pedal to actuate the lock. No monkey (in insti) is tall
enough to put a foot on the ground and open the door at the same time.

On Sep 26, 2016 6:07 PM, "Lazim Kainikkara" <lazimk100@gmail.com wrote:

 spring hinge with a lever/initial push switch. i mean the door can be only
 opened only when the lever/switch is engaged for the instance. after
 opening the switch can be released (kind of switch we see on suitcase ,
 with spring).. and after filling bottle door closes with spring mechanism
 and held tight with the switch.
 i think monkey cant engage the lever and lift door simultaneosly

 On Mon, Sep 26, 2016 at 4:59 PM, Kaushik Garikipati <kaushikg94@gmail.com
 wrote:

 +1. Cheap and simple. We will still need to latch the front door as
 monkeys can easily pull the door even with a spring hinge.

 On Mon, Sep 26, 2016 at 2:19 PM, Karthik Nishanth <
 quantumphoton007@gmail.com wrote:

 Hello gangasters,
 Monkeys have been tasting/testing our water dispensers for a long time,
 mainly because we don't close the cage / small monkeys get inside the
 dispenser through the opening in the front door. My suggestion is to put a
 spring hinge, to close the doors automatically, and also to permanently
 close the opening in the front door.

 @gensec Can this be implemented?
 @gangasters Is there a better/cheaper alternative for this?

 
 Karthik Nishanth
 Ganga
 IITM

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google
 Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
 an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 




 
 Regards,
 Kaushik Garikipati,
 V year Dual Degree (BTech and MTech),
 Computer Science and Engineering,
 IIT Madras

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
 "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
 email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 




 
 
 Lazim K
 Tirur

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
 "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
 email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 


 
 
You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
For more options, visit 


