From:
"Speaker, Student Legislative Council, IIT Madras" <speaker@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
students@smail.iitm.ac.in

Date:
24-9-2016

Thread ID:
1575b9a7d1439121

Subject:
Proposal to redo courses to improve grades

Body:
Hi!

The Academic Affairs SubCommittee of the Student Legislative Council has
been deliberating for quite some time about the possibility of requesting
Senate to allow students to redo courses to improve their grades. We have
come up with a proposal (given below), but are having difficulties in one
or two places with the main question being whether students would want
something of this sort or not. Please do go through the rest of the mail if
interested and help us out.

Furthermore, please do fill this  f
orm
to let us know whether you are for or against this proposal before the
midnight
of the 26th of September!

Proposal for Redoing Courses for improving grade

Students who wish to redo a course in order to improve their grade may do
so if the faculty teaching that course permit them to do so. The student
must 

a. Repeat the course and must have satisfactory attendance
b. Not cross the upper limit placed on the number of credits that can be
done in a sem
c. Pay Rs 500 per credit to the academic section for redoing the course

A student shall be allowed to redo a course only once, and the grade that
is obtained in the second attempt shall be the final grade of the student.

Furthermore, the grade obtained in the second attempt shall be shown
separately in the academic transcript.

Rationale of the points in the proposal

While ideating, we realised that it might be unfair for a 5th year student
to sit in a 2nd year class. At the same time, we couldn't come up with any
mechanism to resolve this satisfactorily, and hence we left it to the
faculty's discretion. Help in sorting this out would be much appreciated.

Rs 500 per credit is the amount one needs to pay for taking up an
extracourse. Without this, we felt that there was nothing preventing
students from generally trying to redo courses without being serious about
it.

Number of attempts was limited so as to allow other students who might want
to redo the course an opportunity.

The grade obtained in the second attempt shall be the final grade  for
better or for worse. Again, this was to ensure that only students who are
serious redo course.

Finally, the grade obtained in the second attempt shall be shown separately
so that there is a difference between people who got have redone a course
and those who haven't.

Thank you!

Regards
Venkataraman



Venkataraman Ganesh
Speaker, Student Legislative Council
4th Year Integrated M.A (Development Studies)
Dept. of Humanities and Social Sciences
Indian Institute of Technology Madras
(O) 9444005773 | (P) 9840349022
E1A7



