From:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

To:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

Date:
24-9-2016

Thread ID:
15743c7696c44624

Subject:
Re: Gangasters Intra Hostel Cricket

Body:
All matches will be held on Saturday.

The fixtures can be found here
<#gid.
All Round 1 and Round 2 matches shall happen before lunch.

I've already informed the Round 1 teams and since we have 9 teams who've
registered, only two of them have the first round. Everyone else has
progressed to the second round. Round 2 matches will start at 10. The
tentative time of commencement of the other matches has been put on the
sheet. Please be on time.

Regards

On 23 September 2016 at 01:39, Kaushik G.V. <gvkaushik11@gmail.com wrote:

 The matches shall happen on Saturday. Please register before 4pm today.
 For those who missed out, please find the sheet here
 <#gid
 .

 On 20 September 2016 at 00:18, Kaushik G.V. <gvkaushik11@gmail.com wrote:

 Hello!

 We shall have an intra hostel cricket tournament starting this weekend
 (if the Rain Gods permit us).

 Please form teams of 7/8 and register here
 <#gid.
 Choose a captain and mention it explicitly.

 Each team shall play with 7 people with 1 substitute. It shall be held in
 the Ganga quadi on a knockout basis. The matches shall be played with a
 hard tennis ball. Each side shall bat for 6 overs. The semifinals and
 finals shall be matches with 8 overs per side.

 Thank you

 Regards
 Kaushik

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
 "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
 email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 




 
 
You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
For more options, visit 


