From:
Extra Mural Lectures IIT Madras <core@eml-iitm.org>

To:
"students@smail.iitm.ac.in" <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
22-9-2016

Thread ID:
157480a607226c9e

Subject:
Re: EML by Shri K T Rama Rao , Hon'lbe Minister of IT , Government of Telangana

Body:
Dear all,

Due to the unforeseen circumstances of heavy rainfall in the city of
Hyderabad, Mr. KT Rama Rao is unable to visit the institute today. Hence,
today's Extra Mural Lecture by him stands postponed.

He has assured us an alternate date in the very near future.We are making
our best efforts to host him within the next fortnight and shall intimate
the same once confirmed.

We wish the people of Hyderabad a quick recovery from the sudden crisis and
hope that life becomes normal as soon as possible.#StayStrongHyderabad

Regards,

The EML 201617 Team.

On Tuesday 20 September 2016, Extra Mural Lectures IIT Madras <
core@emliitm.org wrote:

    Extra Mural Lectures 201617

 presents

 'Innovate, Incubate & Incorporate
 Augmenting the StartUp Ecosystem of India'

 a talk by

 Shri K.T.Rama Rao

       Minister IT E&C, MA&UD, Industries & Commerce 

 Government of Telangana

 DateThursday, 22nd September

 Venue:SAC, IIT Madras

 Time: 5:45 pm onwards

 Speaker Profile:

  Sri Kalvakuntla Taraka Rama Rao completed his schooling from St. George
E2s
 Grammar School, Hyderabad and holds a BachelorE2s Degree in Microb
iology
 from Nizam College, Hyderabad and two postgraduate degrees E2 M.Sc
. in
 Biotechnology from University of Pune and the other is MBA in Marketing a
nd
 ECommerce from Baruch CollegeCity, University of New York, New York.
 After completing his MBA, he worked as an IT Professional for six years
 before commencing his political career. Presently, he is the Cabinet
 Minister for IT E&C, MA&UD, Industries & Commerce, Mines & Geology, Publi
c
 Enterprises and NRI Affairs and the MLA from Sircilla Constituency. He is
 noted for his various initiatives like the path breaking tech incubator
 THUB, TASK, HyFi.e has been awarded Most Inspirational Icon on the Year
 2015 by CNNIBN and Ritz Magazine for his contributions to significant
 contributions to the development of IT in Telangana in a short period of
 time.


 For further information on the profile, please refer to this link
 .

 PFA the event poster.

 Important Instructions:

 1) Please be seated at least 15 minutes before the start of the event.

 2) Avoid carrying mobile phones to the event.

 3) Unauthorized Photography and Videography of the event is strictly
 prohibited.

 Follow us on:

 Facebook 

 Twitter 

 Youtube 

 Regards,


 The EML Team




