From:
APSC IITM <apsc@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
students@list.iitm.ac.in, students@smail.iitm.ac.in

Date:
21-9-2016

Thread ID:
1573e74b16f2aa02

Subject:
Re: Invited lecture by Ramesh Patnaik on NEP 2016

Body:
Reminder. Lecture on National Education Policy 2016 at HSB 334 (near HSS
HOD office), 5 PM.


Also, please go through the write up below which will give you an overview
about the policy.


National Education Policy (NEP) 2016



Education plays a vital role in enlightening the society. However it is
also one of the power tools in the hands of State through which a
particular domain of knowledge is transferred to working masses and thus
serves the ruling class interest and lays the foundation for seamless
exploitation. Modi government E2s E2CNew education policy (NEP
) 2016E2D is
another step towards this. The recent draft on NEP is heavily stressing on
E2Cskill developmentE2D for the workers in our country. It is c
ommitted to
produce a skilled bonded labor for global capital by denying education for
80% of working masses and by infusing the Brahminical values which is
referred as E2Cglobal citizens, with their roots deeply embedded in I
ndian
culture and traditionsE2D in the preamble of the draft.

Last year Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) formed a
fivemember committee headed by T. S. R. Subramanian to draft the New
Education Policy (NEP) 2016.  Four among these members are bureaucrats and
the sole academician is J.S Rajput who made NCERT as a courtyard of RSS
while serving as chairman. The committee submitted the NEP report on April
30th. Subsequently MHRD has released another 43page document titled E2
CSome
Inputs for Draft New Education Policy 2016E2D and sought public opini
on.

The committee claims that the quality of school education, in terms of
learning outcomes, is deniably poor, particularly in government schools.
The committee proposes dreadful recommendations to improve the outcomes by
excluding majority of working masses. The draft says that E2CAlternat
ive
school (evening schools) will be provided for children from slums and
migrant labor background; nodetention policy will be limited up to class V
and detention will be restored at the upper primary (6th8th); Open
schooling for the school dropouts, 10th exams will be at two levels: PartA
at a higher lever and PartB at a lower level; Only 10 lakh scholarships
for higher educationE2D and so on;

As per RTE Act2009, free and compulsory education is the fundamental right
of children till the age of 14. But the implementation of NEP will lead to
denial of school education for slum children who are in socially and
economically deprived condition. According to the annual Status of
Education Report 2014 (ASER) survey nearly 50% of Class 5 students and 25
% of class 8 students were not able to read at Class 2 level text and their
basic arithmetic skill is poor. Mere restoration of detention policy above 
5
th class without assuring the quality will further increase the dropouts in
upper primary. As per NEP class 10 has two levels: PartA at a higher lever
and PartB at a lower level. Students who feel that science, technology,
engineering and mathematics (STEM) is difficult can choose PartB. But they
are not eligible to pursue the higher education in STEM stream. Further NEP
recommends the national talent test after class 10th to receive the higher
education fellowship. Currently 33.3 million students are enrolling in
higher education but NEP will be offering only 1 million fellowships. i.e.
mere 3% of students can get fellowships. Moreover these exams will be
mostly based on the CBSE frame work which will turn out to be beneficial
for children of urban elite and those from rural area will be worst
affected. Only a small section comprising the upper caste and upper middle
class will have access to higher education. The District Information System
for Education2014 statistics reveals that level wise school drop outs for 
I
st E2Vth, Ist VIIth and IstXth are 20%, 36.3% and 47.4% respective
ly. The
recommendations of NEP instead of enhancing the learning outcomes, will
presumably double the dropout level and the dropouts will be tactically
pushed to skill training. As per Prof. Anil Sadgopal (AIFRTE) E2Cthis
 policy
will be aggressively pursued to exclude more than 80% of the Indian
population comprising SCs, STs, OBCs and Muslims from education, and push
them into skill shops.E2D

Along the same line, Modi government introduced the Child labor
(Prohibition and protection) amendment act 2016. It allows the children to
E2Chelp the family in the fields, do homebased work or work in a for
estE2D
after the school hours on a holidays and even allows children to be engaged
in the entertainment industry. E2CHome based workE2D is nothing
 but caste based
occupation. Instead of abolishing child labor, RSSModi government is
pushing the children into caste based occupations which in turn leads to
compartmentalized caste system once again. The old Manu dharma denies the
education for Panchamas and Shudras and legitimizes the exclusive education
for Brahmins which makes them so powerful in the Brahminical system and
also made them the exploiters in feudal system. Similarly in the NeoManu
Dharma, New Education Policy 2016, creates a new division of laborers by
denying the education for 80% of Indian population and training them as
skilled wage labor to serve the imperialism and reserving the knowledge
based work for small section of people, a regeneration of caste
compartmentalization

NEP recommendations in higher education section are in line with WTOGATS
agreement. NEP acts as the strategic framework to implement the GATS
agreement completely. CEO in the governing bodies; educational tribunals;
curbing the student politics in campuses; cutting funds in the name of
financial autonomy; compulsory intake of foreign students and faculty in
higher education institutes; GIAN, dismantling the UGC and AICTE; MOOCs;
allowing foreign universities; centers for excellence; incubation centers;
fees hike; allowing foreign direct investment (FDI) and so on. More than
half of the recommendations have been already implemented in IITs.  For
instance, MHRD singed a MoU with U.S. to import 1000 faculty every year to
teach in Indian institutions under GIAN program. Each U.S. faculty salary
is being paid 7.2 lakhs for 20 sessions. India signed similar MoU with
Germany, Canada and other European countries. Further, MHRD decided to
conduct a job fair in top foreign institutions (mostly from U.S.) to
recruit faculty for IITs and MHRD claims Indian students (PhDs from IITs,
NITs) are not up to the mark. However 2,600 faculty positions are vacant in
IITs and altogether 16,000 faculty positions are vacant in IITs, NITs,
IIITs, IISERs and central universities. NEP/MHRD worries more about foreign
faculty than the qualified Indians. Any country who committed its education
to WTOGATS, mode4 E2CMovement of natural personE2D should
 give importance
to teachers/professors from other countries. Indian education system is now
effectively controlled by the WTOGATS. Similarly trades in goods, services
and intellectual property rights are also controlled by the WTO through
various agreements (GATS, GATT, TRIPS) to serve the interest of the
imperialists. This is nothing but recolonization.

Macaulay education system trained Indian people who were British in their
thought process but physically Indian so that they will serve British
imperialists without any hesitation. Now NeoMacaulay Education Policy
(NEP) will produce the millions of skilled work force as a cheap labor for
global capital and will welcome the foreign educational monopolies in the
name of quality education providers to loot the Indian education market.

At last NEP recommends that Sanskrit must be a compulsory subject in
schools. Already, MHRD has initiated several activities with an agenda, to
saffronize young minds such as imposing Sanskrit in central government
schools and Sanskrit cell in IITs with an intention to achieve their long
term agenda of E2HinduHindiHindu RashtraE2. The text book w
ill preach Rama
as the greatest king, Mahabali as demon, artificial intelligence were
discovered in Vedic period,  aerodynamics laboratory was first established
in Ayodya and so on. Such an unscientific, irrational nonsense will be
taught in  class rooms as the Indian history and our E2glorious past
E2. Our
future generationsE2 minds will be flooded with the conservative tho
ughts
and superstitious beliefs which will numb the rational and scientific
thinking and nurture the slave character in the thought process. Naturally,
such an employee in a factory wonE2t understand and question the lim
itless
exploitation of global capital. During feudal era what caste system does
for the feudal exploitation, in the recolonization era, Hindutva will play
the same role in protecting/justifying the exploitation by the
imperialists. Therefore Hindu Rashtra is not merely a Hindu state. It is a
state  which assures and remains subordinate to perpetual exploitation of
U.S. imperialist on Indian working mass and natural resources. Such an
antipeople education policy must be burnt at any cost. We the students of
one of the premier institutes in the country must be the front runner in
the process of demolishing the E2NeoMacaulay NeoManu dharmaE2
 National
education policy 2016.




On Sun, Sep 18, 2016 at 1:51 PM, APSC IITM <apsc@smail.iitm.ac.in wrote:





 AmbedkarPeriyar Study Circle
 (An independent student body recognized by IITM)


 welcome you all to invited lecture 


 A Critique of the Recent MHRD Draft on 
 NATIONAL EDUCATION POLICY NEP 2016

 NeoMacaulay NeoManu Dharma


 By Ramesh Patnaik



                                                          Date: 210916
 (Wednesday)Time: 5.00 PM

 Venue: Humanities Science Block, HSB 334

 About the speaker:

 Ramesh Patnaik is an activist and writer. He has worked tirelessly agains
t
 the closing of government schools in Andhra Pradesh. He is currently the
 organizing secretary of the All India Forum for Right To Education
 (AIFRTE). He is a strong advocate of education for all and opposes
 saffronisation and commercialization of education. He has written many
 articles and books about the dangers of commercialization of education.


 visit us at Facebook:

 
 


 
 With regards

  APSC team
 [image:
 
00684609/]
 <
000684609/
 [image: ]
    [image:
 ] 





With regards

 APSC team
[image:

684609/]
<
0684609/
[image: ]
   [image:
] 



