From:
CEA Secretary <ceas@ceaiitm.org>

To:
students@iitm.ac.in

Date:
20-9-2016

Thread ID:
15746aaa319fe5d0

Subject:
Civil Engineering Research Expo 2017 | Call for Coordinators

Body:
Dear scholars,

Greetings from Civil Engineering Association, IIT Madras

We are happy to invite applications for PG coordinator positions of various
subdepartments of Civil Engineering under CEA. Interested scholars can
fill this intent form  before

11:59 PM, 23rd September.

About CEA:
The Civil Engineering Association is a student community of the Department
of the Civil Engineering, IIT Madras, which monitors and conducts the bulk
of the departmental activities. Whether itE2s curricular, cocurricu
lar or
extracurricular, all fall under this umbrella body called the CEA. CEA is
a platform for students to learn about and explore the various aspects in
the field of Civil Engineering. We continuously strive to rekindle the
thirst for knowledge and challenge our perception and understanding of the
core of civil engineering. The plethora of activities of our Civil
Engineering Community involves faculty and students alike, and targets all
around development such as practical knowledge, awareness about current
developments and techniques throughout the year.


About Civil Engineering Research Expo(CERE) and its Vision
CERE was kick started in 2014 under the guidance of Dr. Radhakrishna G
Pillai with an aim to expose students of Civil Engineering from various
colleges across south India to the frontiers of research conducted at IIT
Madras.
The current engineering industry requires highly efficient and qualified
engineers to build our nation. India is witnessing significant growth in
the education sector. More government and Industrial funds are being pumped
to push the limits of Indian research domain forward. Today's employers
prefer a bachelor's degree with a specialization or two. The awareness on
higher education is growing day by day and many B.Techs are pursuing it.
The ultimate vision of CERE is to motivate students and expose them to the
varied career opportunities in the field of research.


Don't miss the opportunity to be a part of the biggest departmental fest of
IIT Madras. Interested scholars can fill this intent form
 before 11:59 PM, 23rd September.

For any queries please contact: Ajith Babu (BTCM division)(
ajithbabunkm@gmail.com)

Please Note:
The above posts are open for all PG and PhD level students of BTCM, EWRE,
Transportation, Geotechnical & Structural subdivisions of Civil
Engineering. Others kindly ignore this mail.

Regards,

Satya Sagar & Asish Yadav
CEA Secretaries  '16  '17
Indian Institute of Technology, Madras
+91  9962877049 | +91 9043240111



