From:
Centre for innovation cfi <cfi@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
students@list.iitm.ac.in

Date:
17-9-2016

Thread ID:
15722dd654d7aaf4

Subject:
Re: CVG Club || Introduction to Computer Vision

Body:
Hello again

Hope you all liked the session. If you are interested in attending future
sessions, kindly fill out the form below. We will be communicating session
details via a mailing list generated from this form hereon

27JqMejzvsZUO0q96mEGep6DHHyPQ/viewform?uspalready_responded

Also, the link to the content we used and showed for the 1st session can be
found here

TXA3TFU?uspsharing


Cheers!
Computer Vision Group


Centre for Innovation,
Indian Institute of Technology Madras.
Website  | Facebook
 | Google+
 | YouTube
 |Twitter


On Tue, Sep 13, 2016 at 12:48 AM, Centre for innovation cfi <
cfi@smail.iitm.ac.in wrote:

 Hey All !

 Greetings from Centre for Innovation and the Computer Vision Group

 CVG, CFI's Vision and Intelligence Club brings to you the first session on
 Computer Vision of the semester!!!

 Remember that discussion on how cool Iron Man Tech works during the Tech
 Orientation? That was just the tip of the iceberg.
 In our first session on 16th of September(This Friday), we will look at
 some of the groundbreaking technologies being developed in Computer Vision
 and Deep Learning in CV around the world.

 We'll also delve a bit into the Math behind CV, how images and videos are
 stored and manipulated, and how you can pull off the basic filters and
 transforms you see in Apps like Instagram and Photoshop

 Laptops will not be required for this session. However, we recommend
 getting laptops for the succeeding sessions.Hope to see you all there. We
 begin at 6:00pm sharp.

 Date, Time and Place: 16th of September, from 6:00pm to 8:00pm at
 CS25 (Computer Science Department 1st Floor)


 P.S.: A brief brush up on your JEE Matrices will make the session a lot
 easier to understand

 Cheers!

 Computer Vision Group
 
 Centre for Innovation,
 Indian Institute of Technology Madras.
 Website  | Facebook
  | Google+
  | YouTube
  |Twitter
 




