From:
Centre for innovation cfi <cfi@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
students@list.iitm.ac.in

Date:
17-9-2016

Thread ID:
1570a439252667ad

Subject:
Re: iBot Club || Hands-On Workshop - Introduction to Robotics

Body:
Hello,

We are having the first introductory session in
CRC from 5:30  8:00 today(17/09/2016).
It will be an introduction session to the amazing world of robotics.
There will be some onspot registrations too. So if any of your friends
have missed the deadline, then they can still be a part of the workshop

The only prerequisite is loads of ENTHU!.

So reserve your seats and enjoy the enthralling world of robotics



Centre for Innovation,
Indian Institute of Technology Madras.
Website  | Facebook
 | Google+
 | YouTube
 |Twitter


On Thu, Sep 8, 2016 at 12:42 PM, Centre for innovation cfi <
cfi@smail.iitm.ac.in wrote:

 Hello everyone!

 Greetings from Centre for Innovation and iBot Club!

 iBot, CFI's Robotics club, presents to you the first
 sessioncumworkshop of this semester:
 Introduction to Robotics: Mechanisms and Control

 Ever wanted to build cool robots armed with destructive mechanisms? If
 yes, iBot is the place to be! The theme for this year's workshop is
 Robowars! In this workshop, You will be building your own robots of
 destruction and can pit against your friends for a showdown till death.

 Please form groups of 58 and register in this form
  for
 the workshop. It is compulsory to register for the workshop online. The
 registrants will later be contacted to inform about the time and date of
 workshop. Also, each team needs to pay a security fee of 2500 INR for
 the kits to be used in the workshop. This amount will be returned to you
 after the semester, if you return the kits to us.

 The session is open to students of all branches and years! Prerequisites:
 None! Just enthu!

 Deadline: 11:59 PM, Sunday 11th September

 P.S. Register soon for the workshop as we have limited number of kits!

 Cheers!

 iBot Club
 Centre for Innovation,
 Indian Institute of Technology Madras.
 Website  | Facebook
  | Google+
  | YouTube
  |Twitter
 




