From:
DoHSS IITM Placements <hscouncillor@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
students@smail.iitm.ac.in

Date:
16-9-2016

Thread ID:
157333bd7f834496

Subject:
Fwd: Teach For India Presentation- Build a Nation of Leaders

Body:
Hey all,

The Department of Humanitites and Social Sciences is hosting a talk by
Teach For India. Dipti Singhi  Director, Fellowship Recruitment, Archana
Ramachandran City Director, Chennai and Raeshmi Ashok  Program Manager
(2014 Fellow) will speak in the session

The event is open to students from all departments and will be held on
20th September at 6 pm in HSB 356.

Scroll below for more details about the Speakers and Teach for India. 

Placement Team
Department of Humanities and Social Sciences
IIT Madras

E2B
Dear Students,

Greetings From Teach For India

E2B

We at Teach For India wanted to introduce our Fellowship Program to you. We
are coming to your college.


At Teach For India
<
bc50cc9a0&idD99ca19005f&eD162dd72068,
we strongly believe that every child can and must attain an excellent
education. We believe that it will take a movement of leaders across
sectors

with the idealism, belief, skills and commitment to end educational
inequity and put their students on a different life path.  Short Term
Change
In the shortterm, through our Fellowship program, we provide an
opportunity to IndiaE2s brightest and most promising individuals, fr
om the
nationE2s best universities and workplaces, to serve as fulltime te
achers
to children from lowincome communities in some of the nationE2s mos
t
underresourced schools. Through this experience of teaching in classrooms
and working with key education stakeholders like students, principals, and
parents, our Fellows get exposed to the grassroots realities of IndiaE2
s
education system and begin to cultivate the knowledge, skills, and mindsets
necessary to attain positions of leadership in the education system and
identify their role in building a larger movement for equity in education.

Long Term Change
In the longterm, we engage these leaders, our Alumni, and support this
growing community to advocate for change. Our Alumni work in diverse roles
within the education sector, as teachers, teachertrainers, school
principals, curriculum designers, and education policy researchers, as well
as in the ecosystem surrounding and supporting the education sector, as
journalists, lawyers, health experts, entrepreneurs, and corporate leaders,
all with a shared purpose to build a broad peopleE2s movement for
educational equity that will accelerate progress towards that day when all
children in India have the opportunity to attain an excellent education so
that we, as a nation, can find our light and our true potential.E2B

Here
<
bc50cc9a0&idD821eccd140&eD162dd72068
is
a glimpse of what we hope to achieve, in a way that is simple, easy to
share, and beautiful. Please take two minutes to watch the video and share
it with everybody you possibly can to help even more kids get an excellent
quality education.


Why? To know more about Teach For India and about the Fellowship Program.

Who? Our Staff members

Dipti Singhi  Director, Fellowship Recruitment

Dipti leads the Fellowship Recruitment team at Teach For India. She joined
Teach For India after having worked in the corporate sector for about 10
years with organizations like HSBC, Ernst & Young, and ICICI Bank. She
graduated in commerce post which she completed her MBA and CFA programs.
Dipti is committed to ensuring that the best candidates are brought on
board the program E2 those who will transform the lives of their stu
dents
and will strive to put them on a different life path. 

Archana Ramachandran City Director, Chennai

Archana serves as the City Director for Teach For India Chennai and leads
strategy and operations for Teach For India in the region. Archana has a
Master's Degree in Education from the Harvard Graduate School of Education,
Massachusetts and was selected through the Education Pioneer Graduate
Fellowship to manage projects on Diversity in Human Capital and Strategy at
Boston Public School. Archana previously worked in corporate education with
Infosys limited, Chennai leading creation of systems.

Raeshmi Ashok  Program Manager (2014 Fellow)

Raeshmi has completed her bachelorE2s in Psychology Honors,  from C
hrist
University Bangalore. She got selected into the fellowship during her final
year. She taught a crazy, yet adorable bunch of 30 students in a government
school in Kannammapet (Chennai). She worked with these children when they
were in 3rd through 4th. She is currently working at Teach for India,
Chennai as a Program Manager and RecruiterE2B

When? September 20thTuesday. 6:00pm7:00pm

Where? HSB 356



Best Regards,


Asha Shereen
Fellowship Recruitment, Chennai
+91 9894160544

   

<
_company_admin
  



   

<
_company_admin
  






