From:
Office of Alumni Affairs 1 <oaa1@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"students@smail.iitm.ac.in" <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
16-9-2016

Thread ID:
15732234f446295c

Subject:
Fw: TODAY (Friday, Sep 16)  Leadership Lecture Series: Talk by Mrs.
 Harini Mohan & Shri. D. Chandrasekhar ( BT-MT, '70 ) @ 5 pm, IC & SR
 auditorium

Body:
b'           E2BDear Students,          You are invited to today\'s (Friday, Sep 16)talk in the "Leadership Lecture Series" featuring Mrs. Harini Mohan &  Shri. D. Chandrasekhar ( BTMT, \'70) . The talk is at  5 pm in IC & SR Auditorium . The presentation will highlight thepoints listed in the Abstract below,with an aE2Bppeal to help us join hands with us to create a Dyslexiasensitive society.    NOTE: THERE WILL BE APPR. 30 LECTURES ARRANGED DURING THE 201617ACADEMIC YEAR. STUDENTS WHO ATTEND AT LEAST 80% OF THE LECTURES WILL BE GIVEN ACERTIFICATEOF COMPLETION BY THE OFFICE OF I &am;p; AR. ATTENDANCE MUST BE MARKED BEFORE & AFTER THE LECTURE TO BE VALID. ; E2B     Title  : HOW ARE YOU INTELLIGENT?     Abstract:     Someone may know the exact answer to a complex mathematical word problem. But if asked to write down the steps in the right sequence, will blank out/go blank..    Some need soft music playing while studying , while others may need pin drop silence.    Some read aloud to remember and study, while another may just need to read through silently.    Some are not able to spatially visualize and place things abstractly in relation to other things, while an architect is able to visualize complex placements in complex settings.    Some others may be able to repeat exactly what they saw in a well enacted play on any subject, be able to discuss intricacies of the issue, but not be able to comprehend if he read exactly the same in a script.    If a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind, of what, then, is an empty desk a sign?E2who said this?...... EINSTEIN     It is not about how intelligent you are but about how you are intelligent.</p   Dyslexic children are usually strong in all intelligences other than mathematical logic and linguistic     But how do we understand Dyslexia is only a difference rather than a deficit?      Brief  Bio  of the Speakers :   Ms. Harini Mohan      Graduated in Commerce in 1991 and associated with the Madras Dyslexia Association ( MDA) for over 15 years.   Association commenced in 1999 when she started working with Ananya Learning Centre, a full time remediation centre for children with dyslexia. Ananya is run by the Madras Dyslexia Association.She worked as a remedial teacher helping dyslexic children in various areas of academics. She was subsequently assigned the role of Principal, senior section of Ananya.She hasbeen assigned a special role to create awareness about dyslexia and to work closely with Organizations favorably inclined to the welfare of dyslexic children. In this role, it is her endeavor to reach out to Institutions, conduct awareness programs and to garner support for the cause.   Apart from thisshe is also a part of faculty for the teacher training programs conducted by MDA. Over the last two years ,she has had the privilege of representing MDA andinteracting with several Organizations and institutions in India andhas been able to receivesupport and commitments from wellmeaning individuals and institutions.      Shri. D.Chandrasekhar ( BTMT, \'70 )  Have had 18 months training in Aerospace industry in Germany. Have been a serial engineering entrepreneur since 1974and have worked in the areas of fabricated boiler components, chemical plant equipment assembly, mixing machine, particularly in the Iodised salt industry and break lining industry. Have run a Aluminium Foundry for 20 years. Have established and run a Chemical unit, making potassium iodate and potassium bromate. Has been running the metal coating industry since 1995, specializing in Electroless Nickel and Gold plating.  Winner of Engineering Export Promotion Council  EEPC) awards in 199192 &a;mp;199495  Winner of Distinguished Alumnus Award by IIT Madras in the year 2009 under the category E2other walks of lifeE2D  Winner of Mrs YGP Educationist Award  Has been an active office bearer in Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama, T.Nagar, Madras Dyslexia Association, IIT Madras Alumni Charitable Trust, Rotary Club of Madras Central Voluntary Health Service Institute of Cardiovascular Sciences and Research. Rotary Central TTK VHS Blood bank   <strong styleD"color:rgb(255,0,0)"    E2BWith regards....  Prof. R. Nagarajan  Department of Chemical Engineering Dean, International & Alumni Relations IIT Madras  email: deaniar@iitm.ac.in Phone: +91 9444008390   '

