From:
"Secretary, International and Alumni Relations" <sec_iar@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
STUDENT mailing list <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
7-11-2016

Thread ID:
1583b80829499ba2

Subject:
Fwd: Fw: Apply to GES 2017!

Body:
Hello everyone,

Please find below an email from
E2B
Global Engagement Summit. I encourage you to apply if you are interested.

From: International Delegates <international@theges.org
Sent: Tuesday, November 1, 2016 4:14 AM
Subject: Fwd: Apply to GES 2017!




Do you know an undergraduate who is passionate about social change, and
currently working with a student group or social startup to create positive
change on campus, in the US, or abroad? If so, please consider sharing this
message with them, and encouraging them to apply to the Global Engagement
Summit at Northwestern University.

The Global Engagement Summit is a fiveday social innovation conference
that brings together student entrepreneurs from around the world and equips
them with tangible skills and resources to implement meaningful social
ventures. From April 1216, delegates will congregate at Northwestern
University to learn how to develop ideas, understand the challenges and
opportunities for social engagement and implement projects that create
real, sustainable impact on the world through innovation, international
development and social entrepreneurship.

In the past 12 years, more than 500 delegates from over 45 countries have
attended the Summit. We accept projects addressing a variety of different
social and global issues at various stages of implementation. Past projects
have included a creative arts education center in Cambodia, a marketing NGO
for small businesses in Egypt and an organization that connects local food
pantries and college dining halls to minimize food waste in the U.S.

For more information on what happens at the Summit and how to apply, check
out our website at  Financial aid is available by
application for those who qualify. Please also feel free to reach out with
any questions you may have at delegates@theges.org.

Applications are due by December 9.

Let's move beyond good intentions. See you at the Summit.

Best,

Jenny, Daniel and Claire
CoChairs of Delegate Recruitment
E2BE2B
Global Engagement Summit

     
     <delegates@theges.org


E2B
Thanks and Regards,
Poojan Patel
Secretary, International and Alumni Relations, IIT Madras
4th Year Dual Degree | Dept. of Civil Engineering
Saraswathi Hostel, Indian Institute of Technology Madras
(M) 9884180125 | (O) 9444396170
E2BFeedback/suggestions for I&AR Team? Let us know
!E2BE2B



