From:
"Secretary (Research Affairs) sec_resaf" <sec_resaf@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
students@smail.iitm.ac.in

Date:
14-9-2016

Thread ID:
156a2b146f28e889

Subject:
Re: Research Scholars Day (RSD) 2017: Call for Applications | Core & Coordinator.

Body:
Dear Students,

A fundae session for aspiring cores & coordinators of RSD team will be
organised on 16th Sept. The venue and timing details are as follows,

Venue: CCW Conference Room
Date: 16th, Sept, 2016 (Friday)
Time: 5 PM to 6 PM.

I request interested students to attend this session.


On Fri, Aug 19, 2016 at 1:44 PM, Secretary (Research Affairs) sec_resaf <
sec_resaf@smail.iitm.ac.in wrote:

 Dear Scholars,

 Greetings from Team RSD 2017.

 We are happy to invite applications for core and coordinator positions o
f
 various departments under Team RSD. Interested scholars can fill this for
m
  on or before 11:59 PM, 25th Aug.


 Research Scholars' Day (RSD) is an annual event organised by Research
 Scholars of IIT Madras. RSD was kick started in 2012 under the
 leadership of Ms. Ishitha kumar (RAS,2012). The aim of RSD is to bring
 research scholars under one roof and provide platforms to learn  from
 experts, decimate their research outcomes and share their knowledge with
 peers across the institute and industry. RSD spans over a week with
 events ranging from lecture series by eminent personalities, workshops
 on various software and hardware platforms and a research expo
 where students showcase their research work through posters and present
ations
 to the attendees. 


 Vision of Research Scholars day




    
  Research Scholars day is an event aimed at providing a nurturing
    platform for research scholars to  develop and enhance technical skill
s
    with  the help of technical workshops, seminal lectures and co
     curricular events in the different fields of expertise. 
    
  It aims at dissemination of knowledge by the experts from industries an
d
    leading researchers. 
    
  It aims to showcase the talents of research scholars in different
    extracurricular activities. 
      It aims to become the largest event of the research scholars in
    campus and decimate knowledge to the research community across the nat
ion.


 We are planning to organise following events in RSD 2017.



 1. Research Expo

 RSD 2017 provides a platform for aspiring research scholars to showcase
 their talent through working models, posters and presentations. We host a
 special event called "Explain Your Research in Two Minutes" in which
 interested scholars can explain their research in two minutes to colleagu
es
 and a panel of judges. Research Scholars with interesting outcomes will b
e
 recognised with appropriate awards. 


 2. Industry  R&D Expo

 RSD provides a platform for startups and established companies to
 showcase their latest products and research outcomes. We also provide an
 opprtrunity to these companies to reach out to our research scholars. Thi
s
 event aims to make research scholars familiar with the kind of research
 done in companies and relate to it.




 3. Research Lecture Series by eminent personalities

 It is always encouraging and motivating to hear from eminent
 personalities. This RSD, we bring some of the wellknown personalities to
 share their experiences. We intend to motivate and rejuvenate our researc
h
 community through this lectureship series. We are planning for 6  8
 lectures during RSD and atleast one lecture in every month.




  4. Panel discussion by industry experts.

 We intend to bridge the gap of academy and industry, through panel
 discussion, centered towards research across various organizations. We ar
e
 inviting R & D heads of various industries to be a part of this event. Th
is
 is intended to facilitate a face to face discussion between industry
 experts and research scholars.




 5. Workshops facilitating research

 There are various domains where our research scholars can enhance their
 capability. These workshops are intended to help our research scholars in
 continuing efficient research and develop their personality. In fact it
E2s a
 process to discover themselves.





 6. Cultural night & competitions for research scholars

 RSD 2017 also aims to motivate research scholars to explore their
 cocurricular talents. We have noticed that many research scholars are
 excited to participate in cultural events like singing, dancing, mimicry
 and fashion shows. We would like to recognise the talented research
 scholars through this event.


 Don't miss the opportunity to be part of the biggest event of Research
 Scholars at IIT Madras. Interested scholars can fill this form
  on or before 11:59 PM, 25th Aug.




 


 Thanks and regards,

 Srikanth Kotra
 Research Affairs Secretary
 PhD Scholar | Dept. of Electrical Engineering
 Indian Institute of Technology Madras
 (M) +91 94440 05772 | (P) +91 8056254956









Thanks and regards,

Srikanth Kotra
Research Affairs Secretary
PhD Scholar | Dept. of Electrical Engineering
Indian Institute of Technology Madras
(M) +91 94440 05772 | (P) +91 8056254956



