From:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

To:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

Date:
13-9-2016

Thread ID:
1572397e5d1e8f15

Subject:
Re: Gangasters agenda points

Body:
Make sure there is compulsory drug test for the people contesting for
election.<<
I don't think it's as straightforward as it sounds. 46.5% students. have
responded saying NO.. So, there is no clear verdict from GSB. The SLC will
have to look into the "reasons" provided and have to decide whether the
people who have voted on either side have any valid points or they are
merely moralistic.

Anyway.. @Pradhyumna. I already raised this point regarding changing the
CGPA criterion for students from weaker sections to pursue B.Tech(Hons). I
have also submitter the RTI proof to Speaker and Social Equity Committee.
Please look into it and request the SLC to take it up soon.

On Tue, Sep 13, 2016 at 9:53 PM, Cmyaseen Koomanna <
cmyaseenkoomanna@gmail.com wrote:

 Try to remove all dogs from inside the hostel. Hostel Securities can block
 them at entrance.

 On Sep 13, 2016 6:31 PM, "DHEERAJ M PAI ee14b082" <
 ee14b082@smail.iitm.ac.in wrote:

 1. Make sure there is compulsory drug test for the people contesting for
 election.
 On 13Sep2016 6:19 pm, "PATWADKAR PRADYUMNA RAVINDRA ee14b099" <
 ee14b099@smail.iitm.ac.in wrote:

 Please give any agenda points for the next SLC meet if you have :)

 Pradyumna(HL)

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google
 Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
 an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
 "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
 email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
 "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
 email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 




 
L T Abhinav Surya,
V Year Dual Degree,
Dept. of Mechanical Engineering,
IIT Madras,
Chennai600036

 
 
You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
For more options, visit 


