From:
"Secretary (Co-curricular Affairs) sec_cocur" <sec_cocur@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
"students@list.iitm.ac.in" <students@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
27-10-2016

Thread ID:
15805069243d5757

Subject:
Shaastra Social Campaign Launch

Body:
SOCIAL CAMPAIGN LAUNCH | SHAASTRA 2017

PledgeABook

1 campaign

2 years

4 cities

15+ libraries

15,000 books

Thousands of lives transformedE2A6.



Born of the burning desire to provide proper learning opportunities to
millions for whom quality education still remains a distant dream, Pledge A
Book proved how a single idea can change countless lives.

The campaign witnessed mapping of books no longer required by their owners
to children in need. This helped in inculcating the habit of reading books
in thousands of children, which improved their learning experience and
provided them with an alternate means of recreation. (video
)



This year, we hope to take ShaastraE2s legacy of highimpact social 
campaigns
forward with,



...an innovative synchrony of solutions to sanitation and waste management.

Today, 75% people in India defecate in the open. The huge cost of building
toilets is the biggest hurdle in overcoming open defecation in India . A
cheap, simple yet efficient technique is the need of the hour and a solutio
n
lies untapped in the millions of plastic bottles discarded everyday!

We invite you to the official launch of the social campaign of Shaastra
2017: SYNK.

Venue        :     Visveswaraya Seminar Hall, Department of Civil
Engineering



Date        :     28.10.2016 (Friday)

Time        :     18:30 to 21:00

The event will be graced by Mr.Ramaswamy Elango and Mr. Varun Sridharan.

Mr. Ramaswamy Elango the former Sarpanch of Kuthambakkam village is an
enigma who has successfully transformed Kuthambakkam into a
selfsustainable village devoid of any caste discrimination. The E2T
HE WEEK
Man of the Year 2013E2 and E2CNN IBN Real Heroes 2009E2
 awardee has brought
to light the true power of Panchayati Raj.

Mr. Varun Sridharan is a civil engineer and an entrepreneur with a vision
to create a clean, safe and smart environment. He is the founder of Green
Environment Innovation and Marketing India (P) Ltd., an environmental
company incubated at IIT Madras.

Attend the launch to know more about this unique campaign!

Games, fun activities, and DominoE2s pizza food stalls await.

Prizes, goodies and food vouchers to be won!



