From:
iitmcse14@googlegroups.com

To:
iitmcse14 <iitmcse14@googlegroups.com>, Mohnish Uyyuru <mohnish.uyyuru@gmail.com>

Date:
11-9-2016

Thread ID:
15718a15ac70825f

Subject:
Fwd: Payload opportunity to the Moon for students of your university
 on board our 2017 Mission

Body:
 Forwarded message 
From: "Krishna Sivalingam" <krishna.sivalingam@gmail.com
Date: Sep 11, 2016 3:11 PM
Subject: Fwd: Payload opportunity to the Moon for students of your
university on board our 2017 Mission
To: "Anirudh Agarwal" <CS15M004@smail.iitm.ac.in, "anveshbabu3891" <
anveshbabu3891@gmail.com, "BHUVAN AGRAWAL cs14b060" <
CS14B060@smail.iitm.ac.in, "CS Councillor, IIT Madras" <
cscouncillor@smail.iitm.ac.in, "Deepak" <deepak@cse.iitm.ac.in, "Jithin
Vachery" <jithinvachery@gmail.com, "Kanika Gupta cs16s007" <
cs16s007@smail.iitm.ac.in, "Raviraj Joshi" <cs16m008@cse.iitm.ac.in,
"sagar jp" <jpsagarm95@gmail.com, "SANTHOSHINI V cs13b059" <
cs13b059@smail.iitm.ac.in
Cc: "Prof. P. Sreenivasa Kumar" <psk@iitm.ac.in, "Ravindran Balaraman" <
ravindran.b@gmail.com

Dear Students,

 Pl. forward this to your respective groups/batches' mailing lists.


Best regards,
krishna

Krishna M Sivalingam, Ph.D.,
Professor and Head, Dept. of Computer Science and Engineering
Indian Institute of Technology Madras, Chennai  600036, INDIA
Email: krishna.sivalingam@gmail.com, skrishnam@iitm.ac.in
URL: www.cse.iitm.ac.in/~skrishnam

DDD

Begin forwarded message:

From: Justin Alva <justin.alva@teamindus.in
Subject: Payload opportunity to the Moon for students of your
university on board our 2017 Mission
Date: 9 September 2016 1:14:11 am IST
To: "psk@iitm.ac.in" <psk@iitm.ac.in
ResentFrom: <psk@iitm.ac.in

Dear Prof. Kumar,

You may have received an email from us earlier. IE2m writing to invi
te
students of IIT Madras to take part in a global challenge for an
opportunity to send an experiment as payload to the Moon. The deadline
for entries is September 15th, 2016 and hence a request to share this
within the student community at the earliest. A quick intro to who we
are. TeamIndus is a young, passionate team of some of the best minds
in India, competing for the $30 million Google Lunar XPrize (GLXP)  a
global challenge to catalyze private enterprise in space exploration.
Among the leading contenders, we secured a $1 million milestone prize
from GLXP demonstrating our landing technology.

TeamIndus is building a spacecraft that will fly to the moon in late
2017 and weE2ve announced a unique global challenge  Lab2Moon E2
 which
is an opportunity for students to create a project which would go to
the moon on board the spacecraft.

We believe that this is a great opportunity to drive interest in
science and technology E2 especially space tech and innovation E2
 and
participation from students of IIT Madras will help showcase the
brightest young minds of your institution to India and the rest of the
world.

I would be grateful if you could share this opportunity with the
students of IIT Madras and others in your network.

To participate in Lab2Moon, youngsters under 25 years have to imagine,
design and build a project that will catalyze the evolution of mankind
as a sustainable multiplanetary species. TeamIndus believes that in
the future, mankind will not be bound only to earth and Lab2Moon will
look for experiments in sustainable living that will have benefits
both on earth and beyond. The best project, as decided by our judges,
will go to the moon aboard our spacecraft. What makes this opportunity
special is that this project could be part of the first nongovernment
payload to visit earthE2s celestial neighbour since 1976.

Participation flow

Imagine and design a project that will help humans build a better
world on the moon.
Go to Lab2Moon.teamindus.in and register
Share a concept note and video on their project
Registration closes on 15th September, 2016 and 20 teams will be
shortlisted by the end of the month.
These teams will have over 4 months to build their prototype and
present it to our jury in February 2017. Teams will be flown to our
campus in Bangalore, India.

Our jury comprises eminent scientists from across the world:
 Dr. K. Kasturirangan, Former Chairman of Indian Space Research
Organisation
 Dr. Alain Bensoussan, Former President of CNES (French Space Agency)
and Former Chairman of the Council, European Space Agency
 Dr. Joe Pelton, Former Dean of International Space University

If required, you can use the following banner suitable for sharing
over email and social media. Do feel free to connect in case you have
any questions.

Regards,
Justin Alva
Marketing and Outreach, TeamIndus
+91  9916844338



The information contained in this email message and any attachments is
intended only for the use of the designated recipient(s) named above
and may be confidential to Axiom Research Labs Private Limited or the
designated recipient(s), as the case may be. This email message may
contain information that is privileged or is otherwise protected from
disclosure under applicable law, and such privilege is not waived or
lost by mistaken transmission or receipt. If the recipient of this
email is not the intended recipient or an agent responsible for
delivering it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that
you have received this email in error, and that any review,
dissemination, distribution or copying of the information contained
herein or attached hereto is strictly prohibited. If you have received
this email message in error, please notify us immediately by return
email, and delete the original email message and all copies from your
records. The recipient should check this email and any attachments for
the presence of viruses. We accept no liability for any damage caused
by any virus transmitted by this email.


You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "
CS14" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an e
mail to iitmcse14+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
To post to this group, send email to iitmcse14@googlegroups.com.
To view this discussion on the web visit 
iitmcse14/CAFa6U%2BtcfbievsTZ0fngde5eQaCCvW07NoyJ6fmHr8PVPhMQ%40mail.gmai
l.com.
For more options, visit 


