From:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

To:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

Date:
11-9-2016

Thread ID:
157187f0e6695ab1

Subject:
Gangasters Upcoming Lit events

Body:
Hello peeps

We are quite close to start off with our LitSoc journey and here is the
glimpse of the Lit events scheduled to happen by 6th October (well everyone
has got the litsoc calendar but still the descriptions matter). Go through
them and fill the form
<
jIfKJdApcouVdVNA/viewform
if
you are interested in any of these and no prerequisites for any, just try
if you still haven't.



Fancy yourself a wizard with words? Or can you write poetry, pleasing to
heart and soul? The Writing Club conducts this event called the Creative
Writing Solo (1826th Sept)



Do you think casting a spell is easy? Or saying an incantation? Intonation
matters, you know. Well, actually itE2s just another word for pronun
ciation.
The Word Games Club conducts this event Spellbee (27th Sept)



With every question on the buzzer, teams are constantly in a do or die
situation that will leave you on the edge of your seats, breathlessly
waiting for the next question. Will you buzz and risk it all, or play it
safe? The Quiz Club conducts this Buzzer Quiz obvio :P (30th Sept)



Dialogues, autopsies, obituaries, education did you notice  those four
words had all five vowels in them? Words are fun things. What's The Good
Word (WTGW) is a badass fun event involving those fun things (3rd Oct)


What can you do in one minute?

JAM is a solo event that tests your ability to speak with wit and humor
without any errors. You also get to take your opponents down if you're
quick on the buzzer to point out their errors. (4th Oct)



Fancy yourself to be a connoisseur of travel? Ever thought of a life where
all you had to do was taste food to earn your daily bread? Well, even if
you havenE2t, and all you want are bragging rights, the best place y
ou can
get is the LitSoc Travel and Living Quiz (5th Oct)



Weave your magic for us to win laurels for our hostel, and points too, of
course!!

PS please fill the form asap so that we can help out the participants in
the best way possible



Regards

Shanttam Jain

Literary Affairs Secretary

Ganga Hostel



You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.


You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "
gangastersiitm" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an e
mail to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
For more options, visit 


