From:
"Speaker, Student Legislative Council, IIT Madras" <speaker@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
students@smail.iitm.ac.in

Date:
9-9-2016

Thread ID:
1570e7472dff7ba0

Subject:
Call for Members: Ad-Hoc Committees of the Student Legislative Council

Body:
Hi!

One of the ways in which the Student Legislative Council formulates policy
and discusses agenda points is by forming committees that comprise of
elected legislators and students from the General Student Body. This allows
the Student Legislative Council to rely on students' expertise to resolve
various issues that students face.

As of now, students are invited to be a part of the following AdHoc
Committees 

Committee for working with the Complaint Committee Against Sexual
Harrassment (CCASH) to draw up draft guidelines for CCASH
This committee has been formed to look into the existing norms that guide
CCASH and recommend measures to make CCASH more accessible, transparent and
effective

Committee for working out guidelines/rules for students approaching the
Press
This committee has been formed to come up with a framework/guidelines/rules
on when and for what reasons students have the legitimate right to approach
the press in order to raise greivances that they have with IIT Madras.

Committee for looking into CGPA criteria for selected PoRs
This committee has been formed to look into the current CGPA criteria for
being seleced for PoRs in the institute and to recommend changes to the
same after meeting all concerned stakeholders.

Students' Mental Health
This committee has been formed to go through the report of the Mental
Health Subcommittee that was submitted to SAC (201516) and recommend a
course of action on how to rectify the issues raised by the report.

Please note that GSB members who are a part of, and contribute to, these
committees shall receive a certificate from the Student Legislative
Council. These contributions shall also count while deciding on the
students who shall receive the Certificate of Recognition that is awarded
to select GSB members who have taken an enthusiastic part in the Student
Legislative Council (201617).

Interested students (no restrictions here!) are requested to mail me before
the midnight of 11th September with a short statement of purpose stating
why they wish to be part of their committee of choice.

Hoping to see an enthusiastic response!

Cheers!
Venkataraman

Venkataraman Ganesh
Speaker, Student Legislative Council
4th Year Integrated M.A (Development Studies)
Dept. of Humanities and Social Sciences
Indian Institute of Technology Madras
(O) 9444005773 | (P) 9840349022
E1A7



