From:
"Secretary, International and Alumni Relations" <sec_iar@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
STUDENT mailing list <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
14-10-2016

Thread ID:
157c1a8a8ed8d928

Subject:
Special Screening of Hollywood Blockbuster Inferno brought by Samanvay

Body:
What happens when the entire human race is at a threat of being wiped out
and only one man can stop this?





Multiple Academy Award winner Tom Hanks is back to reprise his role as
the brilliant symbologist Robert Langdonin the latest Ron Howard movie 
"
Inferno", the movie partner of SamanvayE2. The cast also inc
ludes
one of the most versatile actors the Indian film industry has ever
seen, Irrfan
Khan.



Samanvay, over the years has proved to be one of the premier business fests
in the country, engaging the best brains from various reputed institutions
like IIMA, IIMB, IIMC, ISB, XLRI, SP Jain, IITBombay, IIMK, and many
more. This year, the theme for Samanvay is "Braving The Economic Tides",
which portrays the importance of preparedness for industries and business
organisations to meet any future economic turmoil. With many economists
predicting an impending economic shakeout, it is prudent that each industry
contemplates and understands the risks in its respective field, devises
strategies and plans for ways to be stable. Industrial stalwarts and
economic strategists will also be a part of the audience to gain insights
and knowledge and interact with other industrialists to understand the
cascading and contagious effects of an economic recession.

There is a special free screening of Inferno roped in by the Samanvay
team for the Insti Junta. The screening will happen at OAT on 16th Oct at 8
pm. See you there!!

Instructions

1.    
Please carry your institute ID cards with you.2.    Videography is
strictly prohibited inside the OAT during the movie.


Regards,

Amlan Gourav

Core Member

Samanvay E2

Mob: +91 91089 34802



Thanks and Regards,
Poojan Patel
Secretary, International and Alumni Relations, IIT Madras
4th Year Dual Degree | Dept. of Civil Engineering
Saraswathi Hostel, Indian Institute of Technology Madras
(M) 9884180125 | (O) 9444396170
E2BFeedback/suggestions for I&AR Team? Let us know
!E2B



