From:
"Speaker, Student Legislative Council, IIT Madras" <speaker@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
students@smail.iitm.ac.in

Date:
6-9-2016

Thread ID:
156f5aec299a1a1a

Subject:
Re: Drug Test for Elected Representatives

Body:
Hi!

Some students have mailed me saying they are apprehensive to fill the form
because it isn't anonymous. Rest assured that your names and roll numbers
have been hidden  nobody can view it and the response form shall not be
shared with anybody.

Cheers!
E1A7

On Sun, Sep 4, 2016 at 8:19 PM, Speaker, Student Legislative Council, IIT
Madras <speaker@smail.iitm.ac.in wrote:

 Hi!

 There is a proposal before the Student Legislative Council to make it
 mandatory for students who wish to contest elections and sitting elected
 representatives  to undergo a drug test to check for narcotic abuse.

 This issue needs to be resolved urgently and before conducting an online
 vote, I thought it is necessary to allow GSB members to present their vie
ws
 to SLC.

 The arguments for and against the drug test that have arisen in the
 Student Legislative Council are summarized below 

 Arguments FOR having a drug test for elected representatives

 Elected representatives must be moral exemplars and be a role model for
 other students. As such, if elected representatives themselves indulge in
 drug abuse, it sends a wrong message to the student community at large.

 Raids conducted by our Institute Administration and the Police have led t
o
 many students being caught using drugs. Instituting this drug test is one
 of the many measures to combat drug abuse and send a strong message to GS
B
 that our campus has zero tolerance for any illegal activity.

 Arguments AGAINST having a drug test for elected representatives

 Drug tests can't be conducted repeatedly and nothing prevents elected
 representatives from continuing to use drugs after laying off them for so
me
 time before the drug test.

 There is little evidence to show that this measure shall prevent a large
 number of students from indulging in drug abuse.

 Other points to note

 We did not have concrete data to show how long a drug remains in the
 blood stream while this debate occurred
 Funding for the drug test shall be borne by the Institute.

 Kindly fill this  form before the
 midnight of the 6th of September to let your elected representatives know
 what you feel about this issue. Hoping to see overwhelming participation!


 Cheers!
 Venkataraman

 
 Venkataraman Ganesh
 Speaker, Student Legislative Council
 4th Year Integrated M.A (Development Studies)
 Dept. of Humanities and Social Sciences
 Indian Institute of Technology Madras
 (O) 9444005773 | (P) 9840349022
 E1A7





Venkataraman Ganesh
Speaker, Student Legislative Council
4th Year Integrated M.A (Development Studies)
Dept. of Humanities and Social Sciences
Indian Institute of Technology Madras
(O) 9444005773 | (P) 9840349022



