From:
"Secretary, International and Alumni Relations" <sec_iar@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
STUDENT mailing list <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
5-9-2016

Thread ID:
156f9f39ae0b9c2b

Subject:
Quiz Registration | Finance Club

Body:
Greetings from The Finance Club!

Hope you found the opening session interesting, gaining insights about how
the finance industry works and the different career prospects it offers.

Please fill the below form to register for the selection quiz to continue
being a part of the upcoming finance club activities.

R egistration Form Link


Deadline to fill the form is 11:59 pm, 6th Sept (Tuesday). Please note
that only the registrants would be mailed information regarding the
preparatory material required for the quiz.

We would like to clarify the quiz and the club structure for those who have
missed the previous sessions.

Quiz There would be two sections, Section A with Advanced level
questions and Section B with Beginner level questions predominantly based
on the preparatory material to be shared.

Club Structure The club will have two batches, Batch A for experienced
members to be selected based on scores from both sections and Batch B for
beginners to be selected based only on section B.

Top performers would be provided with a certificate of achievement and also
stand a chance to win opportunities to have exclusive sessions with alumni
from the financial sector and compete in various financial competitions
representing IIT Madras.

Following many queries regarding eligibility, we would also like to clarify
that the club is open to everyone irrespective of year or program of study.

For any further queries, please contact:
Nanta  9884845222
Hitesh  9884184051

Regards,
Club Conveners
Finance Club

Thanks and Regards,
Poojan Patel
Secretary, International and Alumni Relations, IIT Madras
4th Year Dual Degree | Dept. of Civil Engineering
Saraswathi Hostel, Indian Institute of Technology Madras
(M) 9884180125 | (O) 9444396170
E2BFeedback/suggestions for I&AR Team? Let us know <
CTpu!E2B



