From:
"Secretary (Cultural Affairs Literary) sec_lit" <sec_lit@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
8-9-2016

Body:
Hi Friends,

After more than five months of hard work the new update of your favorite
mobile app is out on the play store with better UI and features like
calendar sync. Hence I request all of you to try out the app as I strongly
believe that it can add value to your day to day life. Your suggestions and
feedback will be much appreciated. Feel free to Whatsapp on call me anytime.

Flexboard is a mobile application that functions like your own personalized
notice board keeping you up to date with activities in IIT Madras. Club and
event coordinators can use the application create their own flex and send
it instantly to everyone in campus. Also students can view information
regarding scholarships, exchange programs and other relevant opportunities.

The application helps you with the following:

1. One place to see all the events and activities taking place on a
particular day at IIT Madras.
2. Users can filter out the activities based on their interest.
3. Notifies the users every time an activity they like comes up.
4. Helps everyone in promoting an event or activity without the hassle of
poster printing.

5. Event coordinators can create an event or activity that would be
instantly viewed by the app users.

6. Single platform to view and add information regarding events and
activities at iit.

The different use cases:

1. See all the insti clubs and groups in one place,

2. Find information on different scholarships, exchange programs from
around the world

3. Get notifications on application deadlines.

4. Add reminder of important events to your calendar.

5. Alternative to smail to keep track of events and activities.

Download the application from the play store.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=in.flexboard&hl=en

Visit the website flexboard.in for more details.

Regards,

Vaisakh Suresh

Research Scholar

Dept of Ocean Engineering

7299984550



