From:
Nyck S <nyck.s@royalhedgeglobal.com>

Date:
10-9-2016

Body:
Hi,

We represent Trexquant (www.trexquant.com), a hedge fund headquartered in the United States.

We're looking to offer quantitative research projects with the following incentives -

Compensation of INR 65,000 per month plus performance bonus


Flexibility to work conveniently from anywhere in the world and during any time of the day


Invaluable learning and networking opportunities with global hedge fund managers


Access to proprietary technology platforms for exploring and converting ideas into signals that are tradable in the real world


Mentoring and guidance from experienced quantitative researchers


Full-time offers for top performers


If interested, please send your resume to careers.india@trexquant.com



For further details, please refer to the following -

-----------------------------------------------------------------

Global Alpha Researcher - Trexquant Investment



Many academically-talented high-achieving individuals wonder if a career in quantitative finance is right for them. One of the most important and popular roles in quantitative finance is Alpha research, which involves developing profitable trading signals based on real-world data. Unfortunately, quantitative trading is a tight-knit industry and it is difficult to find detailed information about building a successful career in this field. To address this problem, Trexquant created the Global Alpha Research Program to provide a platform for career growth and advancement and give participants direct experience in buy-side Alpha research.



About our Company



Trexquant Investment (www.trexquant.com) is a U.S.-based quantitative investment firm. Our researchers consist of graduates from the highest-rated science and engineering programs in the world, such as M.I.T., I.I.T., Harvard, Oxford, Columbia, Caltech, Princeton, and Carnegie Mellon, among other universities. We trade statistical arbitrage strategies in global equities with the goal of delivering strong risk-adjusted performance. Alpha development is key to performance and we use sources such as academic publications, as well as advanced statistical analysis of technical and fundamental data, to continuously increase the quality and number of these trading signals.



We seek bright and passionate scientists, mathematicians, and engineers from India's best universities to join our talented team of Global Alpha Researchers to conduct exciting Alpha research. Our ideal candidate is analytical and creative, as well as persistent at finding strong Alphas. We encourage you to apply if you are comfortable working collaboratively with other talented individuals of the highest calibre.



Benefits



- Compensation of INR 65,000 per month plus performance bonus

- Flexibility to work conveniently from anywhere in the world and during any time of the day

- Invaluable learning and networking opportunities with global hedge fund managers

- Access to proprietary technology platforms for exploring and converting ideas into signals that are tradable in the real world

- Mentoring and guidance from experienced quantitative researchers

- Full-time offers for top performers



If interested, please send your resume to careers.india@trexquant.com

-----------------------------------------------------------------








