From:
"Students' General Secretary, IIT Madras" <gen_sec@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
27-10-2016

Body:
Hi,

It is the time of the year, the blackbuck (endangered antelope protected
under Indian wildlife Act Schedule-I) and the spotted deer (Chital) , both
found in our campus, give birth to young ones. In the initial 10-15 days
the young animal (fawn) does not move around much with the mother or other
members of the group (lying-down stage). The mother will hide them in tall
grass or bush to protect them from predators and go back and feed them.
Once they are 2 weeks old the fawns will start to eat grass and start to
move with its mother and other group members. During the first two weeks
they are very vulnerable to various threats. Blackbuck are a found mostly
in the *hostel and academic zones* where they prefer to be in the open
grass areas. Therefore, if you happen to see an young fawn sitting in a
bush or grass area alone, *do not *panic and start calling security or
other animal welfare organizations. *Its mother will be around and will
come back to feed it*. They know how to locate each other, if we do not
interfere. *Do not* try to catch the fawn though they look very vulnerable,
in the first few days.

Currently, we are facing a crisis due to the many stray dogs on campus. We
have lost 4 blackbuck fawns due to dog attacks since 2 October 2016 and we
lost 7 blackbuck fawns last year and two adult blackbuck, again due to
dogs. At this rate, there will be no blackbuck left on campus. But, our
combined effort and will can work wonders to save this exquisite animal on
our campus and request help from all of you to volunteer for night patrol
by sending a mail to prakriti@iitm.ac.in or whatsapp to 9444289172 to join
the patrol group.

You may do the following, in case you see a fawn:

   - Observe from a distance whether it is injured (do not try to go close,
   since it will set panic in the animal)
   - Check whether there are dogs around, if so, chase them away
   - If it is not injured, and dogs are not around, please leave it alone.
   - Do not take short cuts in places where animals need their privacy.
   Avoid walking in grass areas and areas where there are no roads. By doing
   this we are disturbing some animal which may want to eat grass or take care
   of its young ones. Also it may disturb the young deer/black buck and it may
   get separated from its mother.
   - Do not try to take pictures of fawns, *especially,  when they are
   alone.*
   - Do not invite too many people to observe or see the fawn even if you
   see one. As mentioned earlier, please leave it to itself. Inform your
   friends also.
   - Drive slow in the hostel zone and tell your drivers (auto, car etc.)
   also to drive slow (keep the speed below 30kph)
   - Discourage people from feeding dogs in the hostel /academic area and
   around eateries.  These areas are critical for the survival of the
   blackbuck. No cooked/processed food waste shall be disposed outside in the
   open or fed to animals, at least,  in these areas. This will encourage dogs
   and other animals to take up scavenging and will attract them into
   these areas and resulting in attack on wild animals. If any of you can find
   homes for these dogs please do help in that way too.
   - If you find anybody disturbing the blackbuck or deer fawns or trying
   to catch them please call the security section and inform or call one of
   the prakriti volunteers Security section: 044 2257 8280 or prakriti
   volunteers (9444289172 or 9444802401 or 8608298347)

Thanks

-- 

Warm Regards,
Purab Jain
Students' General Secretary, IIT Madras
5th Year Dual Degree | Dept. of Chemical Engineering
Narmada Hostel, Indian Institute of Technology Madras
(M) +91-96770 62936 || (O) +91-94440 05782 || (L) +9144-2257-8546


https://students.iitm.ac.in/feedback
https://students.iitm.ac.in/executive



