From:
"Secretary(Hostel Affairs)" <sec_hosaf@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
STUDENT mailing list <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
5-11-2016

Thread ID:
158351ab30b38f9d

Subject:
Introducing Institute ID Cards as Cash Cards for extras in messes

Body:
Dear all,

The introduction of ID card as cash card for getting extras commenced on a
trial basis at Cauvery mess from 211016 and it is working fine. We are
extending it to other messes as well starting from Vasan Tiffin
Home(Vindhya) from 07112016.

OHM will transfer from your mess account a sum of Rs 500/ to your card
account. You can check the balance in your ledger report in card balance.
Now you can purchase extras at mess using your ID card. By default the pin
is set as E2C1111E2D.Please use RFID PIN change option in iKol
lege and set
your new PIN. Without PIN, your ID Card will not work in the POS terminal.
For further top up of balance, use i Collect Card Recharge option and make
payment. The remaining amount in the card will be given back to the student
at the time of graduation.

I would also like to communicate some really important mess issues with
respect to students.

1) There are complaints from caterers running normal mess+food court model
that students registered for food court are eating in the mess. Please note
that this novel model was introduced this year for catering to the high
demand from students for food court. Administration is very unhappy about
these kind of malpractices and I request you to kindly refrain from such
activities. There are chances to convert them to normal messes if these
kind of practices are continued

2) Please don't waste a lot of food. We have tried our best to spread the
awareness about the same by placing wastage boards in the messes, still
there are no improvements. If you don't like something, take only a small
portion first and you can always refill your plate

3) Please cooperate with caterers regarding biometric entry to messes. It
was introduced as a replacement of mess cards for the benefit of students.
You will only have to carry your mess cards to messes during the initial
45 days after registration and biometric entry will be used after that

I humbly request all of you to please cooperate.

Regards,
Kishore K S
Hostel Affairs Secretary, IIT Madras
4th year B.Tech || Department of Civil Engineering
#3010, Saraswathi Hostel
(O) +91 9444005783 || (M) +919444243698



