From:
Balaji Srinivasan <balajis@ee.iitm.ac.in>

To:
students@iitm.ac.in

Date:
28-8-2016

Thread ID:
156a17c65c5d27cb

Subject:
Re: GIAN course on Fiber Lasers

Body:
The registration for the above GIAN course on Fiber Lasers will be closing
on Tuesday, August 30. If you are interested, please register before this
deadline.

Regards
Balaji

On Fri, Aug 19, 2016 at 12:07 AM, Balaji Srinivasan <balajis@ee.iitm.ac.in
wrote:

 The Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India, has
 recently  launched the programme on E2CGlobal Initiative for Academ
ic
 Networks (GIAN) in Higher EducationE2D aimed at tapping the talent 
pool of
 scientists and entrepreneurs internationally to encourage their engagemen
t
 with the institutes of Higher Education in India. The GIAN Programme
 provides a platform for inviting eminent people for offering a course ful
ly
 or jointly with the faculty in institutes in India.

 As part of the above program, we are happy to announce that Prof Johan
 Nilsson, University of Southampton has kindly consented to offer a
 twoweek course titled "Fiber Lasers and Applications" during Septembe
r
 1324, 2016. Prof Nilsson is one of the foremost experts in fiber
 lasers, and his group has the distinction of demonstrating the first
 KiloWatt fiber laser.
 It is indeed an unique opportunity to learn and interact with Prof Nilsso
n
 on this important topic of fiber lasers, which is rapidly emerging as the
 laser of choice for a wide variety of applications including material
 processing, defense and healthcare.

 Please find attached a detailed brochure on the contents of the course.
 Interested participants may register for the course at
  before August 30, 2016. Kindly
 note that the course is proposed to be worth 2 credits (pending approval 
by
 Senate) and it has already been subscribed heavily by external
 participants. Would strongly encourage you to register early, if interest
ed.

 Please feel free to contact either of us for further information.

 Regards
 Deepa Venkitesh (deepa@ee.iitm.ac.in)
 Balaji Srinivasan (balajis@ee.iitm.ac.in)
 Course Coordinators




