From:
Sahaay IITM <sahaay.iitm@gmail.com>

To:
students@list.iitm.ac.in

Date:
27-8-2016

Thread ID:
156cd53a4c944d96

Subject:
Team Sahaay, CFI | Call for Project Members

Body:
Hello folks,

Greetings from Team Sahaay, CFI !

Before you get deep into preparations for quizzes, why not finish a plan
for the immediately following semester?

We are a bunch of students trying to apply our technical skills for the
welfare of the speciallyabled section of the society. So far we have
worked on developing prototypes for differentlyabled people and now, we
are looking to expand our team for this noble cause. We have a set of
really interesting projects for you to contribute in.

The list of projects are as follows:


1. Assistive device for occupational therapy

Problem:

Cerebral Palsy is a motor neuron disorder which affects 1 out of nearly 90
new borns. The problem prevents the normal usage of the limbs throughout
the lifetime. There is no solution, however efforts are made to strengthen
the muscles by means of occupational therapy.

Objective:

The idea is to develop an assistive device for the movement of the limbs,
which can be used for rehabilitation and occupational therapy of Cerebral
Palsy patients, aiding the therapist in the process.

Prerequisites:

None as such. However basic knowledge of biomechanics of the human body is
a plus.

What do you get ? 

The pleasure of helping out the speciallyabled section of the society.


2. Mechanism for toilet sanitization

Problem:

Toilet sanitation is one of the most important factors in using public
toilets. There are numerous urinary tract infections caused due to poor
sanitation hence it becomes really important to address this issue at the
earliest.

Objective:

The idea is to develop a mechanism which can be used as an addon for
sanitation of the existing toilets.

Prerequisites:

None

What do you get ? 

Satisfaction of helping out the society in general and contributing to Swachh
Bharat Abhiyan.


3. Android application for assessment of autistic children

Problem:

Autism is a neurological disorder characterized by lack of communication
skills and social interaction. Studies have shown that1 out of nearly 68
new borns suffers from autism. There performance is assessed based on a set
of parameters which are accepted universally.

Objective:

The idea is to develop an android application which can aid NGO's working
with autistic children in the assessment process and keep track of their
progress, helping them design their curriculum.

Prerequisites:

None. If you know android app development, you are already selected !

What do you get ?  

The pleasure of helping out the specially abled section of the society


Inspired Enough ? Please fill in this form

if you want to join our team ! The last date for filling the form is 4th
September (11:59 pm).


For more information about our team please visit


For any queries, please feel free to contact:
Tanay Garg
gargtanay@gmail.com
9962878323

Thanks and Regards,
Team Sahaay



