From:
deanicsr <deanicsr@iitm.ac.in>

To:
announce@list.iitm.ac.in, faculty@list.iitm.ac.in, 
 students@smail.iitm.ac.in, sec_resaf@smail.iitm.ac.in, 
 sec_acaf@smail.iitm.ac.in, Registrar <registrar@iitm.ac.in>

Date:
25-8-2016

Thread ID:
156c09820e21ac2d

Subject:
IITM E-Newsletter - July

Body:
Dear All,

Please find below the IITM ENewsletter for the Month July.

Thanks and Regards,
Team  Media Cell



    HonE2ble Minister Sh. Piyush Goyal inaugurates Green Technology
    innovations by IIT Madras
    Minister of State with Independent Charge for Power, Coal, New and
    Renewable Energy (MNRE) and Mines, Govt. of India, Sh. Piyush Goyal,
    visited the IIT Madras campus and Research Park on 15 July 2016. He
    formally inaugurated the innovative solarDC products INVERTERLESS
    and appliances, developed by IITM and its incubated renewable energy
    companies, and the Green Building cooling system along with the
    Insulated Thermal Storage tank at the Research Park, as well as
    laid the foundation stone for the Centre for Battery Engineering and
    Electric Vehicles.

    Prof. Bhaskar Ramamurthi, Director, IIT Madras welcomed the Minister
    and presented the vision for IITM Research Park. Prof. Ashok
    Jhunjhunwala, Cochairman and FacultyinCharge of IIT Madras
    Incubation Cell, accompanied the Minister on his tour of Research
    Park and showed him an exhibit of the Green Office and Green Home
     the power of a single 125W solar panel and how it powers a whole
    home with DC appliances.

    Inaugurating of the Green Technology innovations at IIT Madras,
    Sh.Goyal said, "Today's showcase of innovative green technology
    research at IIT Madras highlights a new kind of partnership made
    possible by IIT Madras between PublicPrivateProfessorPeople
    (PPPP). These technologies can make uninterrupted power accessible
    and affordable for the poor and aligns with the Government's
    commitment to make power available to every home in India.  These
    technologies are a significant leap towards India achieving energy
    security goals."

    Piyush Goyal Press Meet  IIT Madras contribution in development
    

    <
9988883689229


    53^rd Convocation held at IIT Madras

    IIT Madras celebrated its 53rd Convocation on 22nd July 2016 on
    Campus. Dr. Jayant Baliga, Distinguished University Professor, North
    Carolina State University, Raleigh NC, USA, was the Chief Guest for
    the function and was felicitated with the Degree of Doctor of
    Science (HonorisCausa), on the occasion. Dr. Pawan Goenka, Chairman,
    Board of Governors, IIT Madras and Executive Director, Mahindra &
    Mahindra, presided over the function.

    The Chief Guest presented prizes to the
    students. Prof. Bhaskar Ramamurthi, Director, IIT Madras awarded
    degrees to the graduating students. Degrees for two new courses were
    awarded for the first time at this yearE2s Convocation, M.S. and
    Ph.D. (Dual Degree) and Postgraduate Diploma in Visionary Leadership
    in Manufacturing (PGDVLM).  A total of 2191 degrees were awarded
    this year.

    AlumNite 2016 in all its glory!
    IIT Madras celebrated its second AlumNite, a variant of the
    traditional alumni day, on 23rd July 2016.

    DrJayantBaligaDistinguised University Professor and Director, Power
    Semiconductor Research Center, North Carolina State University, was
    conferred Distinguished Alumnus Award 2016 on the occasion.

    The other recipient of the Alumnus awards were Dr. S. Christopher,
    Secretary, Department of Defence R&D and Director General, DRDO and
    Dr. AravindSrinivasan Professor, Department of Computer Science and
    Institute for Advanced Computer Studies, University of Maryland.

    A recently established alumni chair, named after Mr. V Balaraman,
    former Managing Director of Ponds, was established in April was
    officially launched during the event.

    IITMadras topper bags Visvesvaraya memorial prize en route to
    Stanford for higher studies
    Joseph Samuel, who got B.Tech. in Electrical Engineering and became
    a topper in IITMadras, won the Bharat Ratna M Visvesvaraya memorial
    prize. He is interested in researching on wireless communication. He
    said this during the 53rd convocation ceremony of IIT Madras held on
    22 July 2016.

    He got 9.96 CGPA and said he would pursue Ph D in wireless
    communication from Stanford University. E2CIn Stanford University
 I am
    directly getting into integrated program MS PhD,E2D he said, add
ing
    that he had done two projects in IIT related to wireless
    communication. E2CI did a project on full duplex. Normally all
    communication systems such as cell phones, WiFi device transmit and
    receive two different frequencies,E2D he said. Citing example, he
 said
    that the signal which goes from the 2G phone to the power is one
    frequency bandwidth and again from the tower to the phone is another
    frequency bandwidth. That is wastage of bandwidth; so I am trying to
    do both in a single frequency bandwidth. I did another project on
    satellite,E2D Samuel said. He has also received Siemens Prize.

    IITM grads cheer loud for IITMSAT

    

    The 53rd convocation at IITMadras was, understandably, marked by
    cheers but, the loudest and the most earnest were reserved for
    Director, Prof.BhaskarRamamurthi's announcement that IITMSAT was all
    set for launch (by ISRO) in October this year.

    The studentled satellite initiative was started in 2011 and it will
    be up for final tests, the Director said while reading out the
    Director`s Report.

    IIT Madras is powering India through the Sun! 

    IITMadras students recently installed 1.5 kW solar panels with
    energy efficient DC (direct current) technology in Government Girls
    Higher Secondary School at Ashok Nagar here in Chennai.

    Prof. Srikanth Vedantam, Head, Department of Engineering Design, IIT
    Madras inaugurated the plant which covers 12 classrooms in the
    block. Students who were part of an NGO, Engineers Without Borders
    (EWB),  set up the plant.

    E2CThe lights and fans in the block were replaced with specially
    designed DC lights and fans which consume only half of the power
    compared to AC (alternating current) appliancesE2D, said K.Venkat
esh,
    a fourthyear student in Metallurgical and Materials Engineering
    Department of the Institute.

    E2CThe LED fluorescent lights consume 18 watts at full brightness
,
    unlike conventional fluorescent lights that consume 36 watts. The DC
    fan consumes only 30 watts at maximum speed whereas the conventional
    fans consume 80 watts at full power,E2D he said.

    With the DC based equipment (solar panels, battery and lights, fans)
    in place, conversion losses are avoided. As a result, solar panels
    providing 1.5 kW power is sufficient to power lights and fans in the
    block, which would have otherwise required solar panels to generate
    six to eight kW power if conventional ACbased technologies had been
    used.

    #IITMadras Alumni come up with innovative solutions to everyday
    problems!
    A fourmonthold IITMadras incubated startup, Detect Technologies
    (DeTect), is already taking giant leaps at both domestic and
    international arena. Its product, the Guided Ultrasonic Monitoring
    of Pipe Systems (Gumps) is being viewed as worldE2s first high
    temperature monitoring system based on sensors that will tolerate
    heat up to 350 degree Celsius and detect leakages in
    pipelines besides actually telling the rate of corrosion.

    Another innovation is the facility to dispose off sanitary pads.
    Rail Vikas Nigam Limited (RVNL), an organization of Indian Railways
    that does engineering work, has installed an electronic sanitary
    napkin vending machine and a destroyer at the station.

    Developed by an IITMadras alumnus, the sanitary napkin incinerator
    can burn soiled pads in to ashes within few minutes. The waste can
    either be used as a manure for plants or can be flushed out.

    Setup along with information boards, the idea was also to break the
    taboo and raise awareness on menstrual health. The machines have
    been installed along with token and coin vending machines as part of
    CSR activity of RVNL.

    

    Awards & Recognitions

    Ramesh P Hun, Research Scholar (AE14S031), Department of Aerospace
    Engineering won the Best Paper Award for his research work on
    'Design of Kalman Filter for Smooth State Estimation of Airship
    Dynamics' in the National Conference on E2Large Scale
    Multidisciplinary Systems of National Significance (LAMSYS)E2 h
eld
    at Sriharikota during June 24 and 25, 2016. He is guided by Prof.
    Nandan Kumar Sinha.

    K. Lakshmikumar, Research Scholar (CH14D403), Department of Chemical
    Engineering won the Best Poster Award for his poster entitled
    E2Structure and Dynamics of Aqueous Solutions containing Poly
    (Acrylic Acid) PAA and Nonionic Surfactant PentaEthylene Glycol
    nOctyl Ether (C8E5)E2 at the International Conference on Fronti
ers
    at the ChemistryAllied Sciences Interface (FCASI2016) held at
    Jaipur during April 2526, 2016. He is guided by Prof. UpendraNatarajan
.

    Abhishek Gupta, Research Scholar (CH13D016), Department of Chemical
    Engineering won the Best Oral Presentation Award for his poster
    entitled E2Counterion Specific Collapse of Fully Ionized PAA in
    WaterEthanol Mixture in Presence of Li+ and Cs+ Metal Cations  A
    Molecular Dynamics Simulation StudyE2 at the International Confe
rence
    on Frontiers at the ChemistryAllied Sciences Interface (FCASI2016)
    held at Jaipur during April 2526, 2016. He is guided by Prof.
    UpendraNatarajan.

    HareeshaDasary, Research Scholar (CY12D014), Department of Chemistry
    won the Best Poster Award for her research work entitled
    E2Octadecanuclear Gear Wheels by SelfAssembly of SelfAssembled
    Double Saddle Type Coordination EntitiesE2 at the 11th Internati
onal
    Symposium on Macrocyclic and Supramolecular Chemistry (ISMSC2016).
    She is guided by Prof. Dillip Kumar Chand.

    The TTS Consortium headed by IIT Madras, TDIL and DeitY has
    developed a TexttoSpeech (TTS) tool in six regional languages
    (Hindi, Marathi, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Bengali) that is
    functional on SMS, WhatsApp, email and web browser.  The TTS has
    been successfully integrated within the Regional Operating System
    E2Indus OSE2 and has been launched with two Micromax mode
ls   Unite 4
    and Unite 4pro. More brands are expected to launch the Indus OS
    soon. Prof. Hema A. Murthy and her team from IIT Madras have played
    a pivotal role in it.

    Publications

    A research monograph entitled E2Infinite Matrices and their Rece
nt
    ApplicationsE2 by Prof. K. C. Sivakumar, Department of Mathemati
cs
    et. al. has been published by Springer.
    

    A book entitled E2Meaning and LanguageE2 authored by Dr.
    SatyaSundarSethy, Department of Humanities and Social Sciences has
    been published by DK Printworld, New Delhi.
    

    In the news

    IITM student's underwater robot 'Duli' catches attention of DRDO
    <
errobotDulicatchesattentionofDRDO/2016/07/13/article3526462.ece

    Meet Professor HN Mahabala, the man who mentored IndiaE2s IT ico
ns
    <
mahabalathemanwhomentoredindiasiticons/53348273

    Biotech students design model to desalinate ROreject water
    

    With $18 million funding, IIT Madras professor breaks the glass ceiling
    <
adrasprofessorbreakstheglassceiling/article8859749.ece

    Madras Students Scale Mt. Shilla
    <
9017

    IITs and DRDO are teaming up to build next generation aircraft engines
    <
obuildnextgenerationaircraftengines324491.html

    

    

    <



    

    <+iitmadras/posts

    

    <
&hlDen
    <
D8

    

    Subscribe/Unsubscribe 









