From:
Office of Alumni Affairs 1 <oaa1@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"students@smail.iitm.ac.in" <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
24-8-2016

Thread ID:
156b7abecc8d8361

Subject:
"Leadership Lecture Series: Alumni Speak!": Talk by Shri. A.
 Sivakumar ( BT- ME, '68 ) - Entrepreneur ( Sigeda Global ) on Aug 26, 2016 @
 5 pm, IC & SR auditorium

Body:
b'       Dear Students,      Youare invited to this week\'s talk in the " Leadership Lecture Series " featuring alumni. The speaker is Shri. A. Sivakumar ( BT ME, \'68 )  Entrepreneur ( Sigeda Global ).  The talk is scheduled at 5 pm  on  Friday, Aug 26  in  IC &; SR Auditorium .   NOTE: THERE WILL BE APPR. 30 LECTURES ARRANGED DURING THE 201617ACADEMIC YEAR. STUDENTS WHO ATTEND AT LEAST 80% OF THE LECTURES WILL BE GIVEN ACERTIFICATEOF COMPLETION BY THE OFFICE OF I & AR. ATTENDANCE MUST BE MARKED BEFORE & AFTER THE LECTURE TO BE VALID.    Title of the Talk:  Enjoy, Learn and Contribute  Leadership in Technology Stream    Abstract:   The talk is based on the book titled In Search of TechnologyExperiences of an IITian written by the speaker and published in 2006.  The progress of the civilization takes place when every generation first gathers knowledge available to it through learning and then contributes its own to the world. For this, one must enjoy what one is doing. Otherwise, learning itself will turn out to a big burden and there will be no contribution thereafter.  Learning starts from young age and continues through ones career. One can learn from various situations resulting in both successes and failures. It is essential to have role model, but it need not be restricted to one individual. The best of many persons under different situations may be absorbed to become a better person.  Leadership is not restricted to line function alone. It is required in every field, including areas of technology and research. Ten top qualities of leadership have been selected in this lecture. They are Dream and Vision, Integrity, Communication, Innovation, Problem Solving, Motivation, Emotional maturity, Customer Focus, Risk Taking Initiatives and Constant Search for openings  The lecture will highlight the learnings and contributions from the real life situations covering the above areas experienced and enjoyed by the speaker in his 37 year professional career.   Brief Profile  Mr. A. Sivakumar graduated in Mechanical Engineering from Indian Institute of Technology, Madras in 1968. He had a professional career of thirty seven years in industrial units located in India and, Africa. He worked in technology stream almost throughout his career, gaining experience in manufacturing engineering and product technology in different sectors of industry.  His major assignment was in Murugappa Group based in Chennai, India, where as Associate Director of Technology, he was instrumental in taking various innovative initiatives in technology area across the units in the Group.&nb;sp; His technical papers on Renewable Energy such as Small Hydro, Wind and Biomass power were presented in International conferences in Europe and USA.  During his professional career, Mr.Sivakumar had been elected as member of Institution of Manufacturing Engineers, UK, and Society of Manufacturing Engineers, USA and Fellow of Institution of Production Engineers, India.  In 2006, he wrote a book titled In Search of Technology bringing out his own perception of the role played by technology in the industrial world. The broad scenario of Indian Industry in the last three decades of twentieth century as viewed by a typical IITian has been captured in depth, in his own style. The book has been widely appreciated by industrialists and technologists.  Over the last decade, Mr. Sivakumar with his start up unit Sigeda Global has been working on developing and promoting Moringa leaf powder as the wholesome dietary nutrient supplement, beneficial to all segments of population.    With regards....   Prof. R. Nagarajan   Department of Chemical Engineering  Dean, International & Alumni Relations  IIT Madras   email: deaniar@iitm.ac.in  Phone: +91 9444008390            '

