From:
Dean Academic Courses <deanac@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"Head  Management Studies" <mshead@iitm.ac.in>, Prakash Sai L
	<lps@iitm.ac.in>, "students@list.iitm.ac.in" <students@list.iitm.ac.in>,
	"faculty@list.iitm.ac.in" <faculty@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
23-8-2016

Thread ID:
156b5ad60dbaed86

Subject:
Fw: YES BANK Transformation Series | Deadline Extension

Body:
b'          Dean Academic Courses IIT Madras, Chennai 600036, India.  The information in the mail is meant only for the earmarked recipients and should not be shared or made public without permission       From:  USRM@YESBANK.IN <USRM@YESBANK.IN  Sent:  Tuesday, August 23, 2016 9:00 AM  To:  Dean Academic Courses  Subject:  YES BANK Transformation Series | Deadline Extension           Dear Prof. Ramamurthy K,  We are pleased to inform you that the last date for submission  of entries to  YES BANK Transformation Series 2016  has been extended to 29 th  August, 20.  The YES BANK Transformation Series , since its inception in 2010 has championed this spirit of innovation and design thinking  encouraging young thought leaders of the world to push the envelope.Over the last six years more than 30,000 students  have joined this quest which provides them with an experiential dimension to learning and an opportunity to actualize innovation.  Top 15 teams selected from campuses across the world will get to work on a Challenge of National Importance shared by the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy. These teams will be invitedfor the  Grand Finale in Mumbai on November 4, 2016 to present their solutions to an eminent Advisory Council comprising of Captains of the Industry, thought leaders, academicians, leading journalists and emerging entrepreneurs from across the world.  In addition to implementing their strategies with our business leaders, winners will receive: p    C3BC  1 st Prize:  INR 3,00,000 + PPI  C3BC  2 nd Prize:  INR 2,00,000 + PPI  C3BC  3 rd  Prize:  INR 1,00,000 + PPI</span    All students are welcome to participate in the case study competition.    To register, please visit     Request you to share this information with the students in your campus.  We look forward to an overwhelming response from students of your esteemed institution in this transformational platform.  Thanks & Regards,    Deodutta Kurane&nb;sp;  Group President  Human Capital Management   Warren Patrick   President & Chief Learning Officer          YES BANK salutes the indomitable spirit of INDIA that echoesINDIA bole YES!   YES BANK is the proud recipient of the Bank of the Year India 2015&#8221; by The Banker, UK, the most prestigious global award in financial sector.   The content of this email is confidential and intended solely for the use of the addressee. The text of this email (including any attachments) may contain information, which is proprietary and/or confidential or privileged in nature belonging to YES BANK Limited and/or its associates/ group companies/ subsidiaries (YES BANK Ltd). If you are not the addressee, or the person responsible for delivering it to the addressee, any disclosure, copying, distribution or any action taken or omitted to be taken in reliance on it is prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this email in error, please notify the sender and remove this communication entirely from your system. The recipient acknowledges that no guarantee or any warranty is given as to completeness and accuracy of the content of the email. The recipient further acknowledges that the views contained in the email message are those of the sender and may not necessarily reflect those of YES BANK Ltd. Before opening and accessing the attachment please check and scan for virus. WARNING: Computer viruses can be transmitted via email. The recipient should check this email and any attachments for the presence of viruses. The company accepts no liability for any damage caused by any virus transmitted by this email. Thank you. '

