From:
Dean Academic Courses <deanac@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"students@list.iitm.ac.in" <students@list.iitm.ac.in>, "Head  Humanities
 and Social Sciences" <hshead@iitm.ac.in>, Malathy D <mdurai@iitm.ac.in>

Date:
22-8-2016

Thread ID:
156b1bd6de5e9e7e

Subject:
Fw: YES! i am the CHANGE - Social Filmmaking Competition

Body:
b'          Dean Academic Courses IIT Madras, Chennai 600036, India.  The information in the mail is meant only for the earmarked recipients and should not be shared or made public without permission       From:  USRM@YESBANK.IN <USRM@YESBANK.IN  Sent:  Monday, August 22, 2016 8:52 AM  To:  Dean Academic Courses  Subject:  YES! i am the CHANGE  Social Filmmaking Competition       Dear Prof. Ramamurthy K,     Greetings from YES BANK! It is a matter of great pride to inform you that within just three years, YES! i am the CHANGE has emerged as  the  WorldE2s   Largest Social Film Movement in India with  500,000 participants  across  2,500 cities and towns panIndia. The bankE2s social development arm, YES FOUNDATION  through its flagship program,  YES! i am the CHANGE   innovatively uses the medium of films to ignite the spirit of driving positive social change  amongst   the  youth . You can watch the YES! i am the CHANGE 2015 journey here . We are eager to extend this opportunity to your institute to participate in  YES! i am the CHANGE 2016 Edition  and be a part of this incredible journey of mindset transformation.     WhatE2s special this year?     C2B7  This year, YES! i am the CHANGE 101Hour Social Filmmaking Challenge has a special opportunity for Students  from  select campuses,  during our  OPEN Challenge </bfrom October 15 2016 . Deadline for registrations is  September 26;    How to register?     C2B7  To register for the YES! i am the CHANGE  challenge, please visit  www.yesfoundation.in span   WhatE2s in it for you?     C2B7 &nbsp; Top 5 Films:  INR 100,000 per team + Trophy &amp; Certificate   C2B7 &nbsp; 6 th  E2 10 th  Best Films:  INR 25,000 per team + Certificate   C2B7 &nbsp; 11 th  E2 20 th Best Films:  INR 15,000 per team + Certificate  This yearE2s special opportunity for students from select Campuses :    C2B7 &nbs;p; Top5 Campuses from each region with Maximum Number of Entries will get INR 10,000 each  C2B7 &nbs;p; 5 students from each campus would get top entry prize worth INR 5,000 each     C2B7  We are also offering pro bono workshops on basics of filmmaking for your students by professional filmmakers for a minimum of 100 participants and have our registration desk for your students on campuses  across major cities panIndia.   If interested, please revert to Suyash Barve  at  suyash.barve@yesfoundation.in  / +919820956115 . ; Participation in this initiative would sensitise your students towards social causes, and give them a nationwide platform to add to their portfolio .  I request you to widely disseminate this email and encourage your  s tudents to participate in this movement (100 % participation would be great!)  Students can connect with us on social media for latest information and other exciting opportunities:  Facebook  | Twitter  |  YouTube  Looking forward to work with you in making youth catalyze IndiaE2s social transformation.  Regards,      Prerana Langa CEO,YES FOUNDATION   Warren Patrick span  President & Chief Learning Officer  ;   &n;bsp;                                YES BANK salutes the indomitable spirit of INDIA that echoesE2A6INDIA bole YES!   YES BANK is the proud recipient of the E2CBank of the Year India 201E2D by The Banker, UK, the most prestigious global award in financial sector.   The content of this email is confidential and intended solely for the use of the addressee. The text of this email (including any attachments) may contain information, which is proprietary and/or confidential or privileged in nature belonging to YES BANK Limited and/or its associates/ group companies/ subsidiaries (YES BANK Ltd). If you are not the addressee, or the person responsible for delivering it to the addressee, any disclosure, copying, distribution or any action taken or omitted to be taken in reliance on it is prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this email in error, please notify the sender and remove this communication entirely from your system. The recipient acknowledges that no guarantee or any warranty is given as to completeness and accuracy of the content of the email. The recipient further acknowledges that the views contained in the email message are those of the sender and may not necessarily reflect those of YES BANK Ltd. Before opening and accessing the attachment please check and scan for virus. WARNING: Computer viruses can be transmitted via email. The recipient should check this email and any attachments for the presence of viruses. The company accepts no liability for any damage caused by any virus transmitted by this email. Thank you. '

