From:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

To:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

Date:
22-8-2016

Thread ID:
156b079b353888ba

Subject:
Re: Gangasters Re: Library and database- important

Body:
Dude we can't access the form you put... please check that.




with regards,
Jeevithesh RV
Fourth Year Under Graduate 
Department of Mechanical Engineering
IIT Madras

On Mon, Aug 22, 2016 at 9:49 AM, SHANTTAM JAIN <ch14b085@smail.iitm.ac.in
wrote:

 Guys I need to place order for books and magazines, so please fill the
 form asap.

 On 17 Aug 2016 3:23 p.m., "SHANTTAM JAIN" <ch14b085@smail.iitm.ac.in
 wrote:

 Hello Gangsters
 As few days are remaining for our GBM, I would like the avid readers of
 books and magazines to fill the form
  so
 that budget can be allocated accordingly. The books and magazines you
 mention in the form are not very sure to arrive , it will depend on budget
 and availability as well but I'll try my best to inculcate demands of
 all.The form will get opened only from your smail account so if while
 opening it says you don't have access, change the mail id. Fill the
 form by Saturday 11am.

 I even have made a database of quizzes and links of some previous
 performances as promised and uploaded on drive
  , so
 that people can have a brief idea of the questions in LitSoc quizzes and
 we can improve upon our performances. If anyone else has a video or set of
 quizzes which you think are important from the LitSoc point of view, do
 mail me. The database will be updated on a regular basis.
 There is a litsoc manual in the database folder as well, which
 contains the basic rules of some of the events as per litsoc 201516
 and that too will be upgraded on a regular basis.

 For any other clarifications and queries do mail me.

 PS only genuine readers fill the form,don't spam

 Regards
 Shanttam Jain
 Literary Affairs Secretary
 Ganga Hostel

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
 "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
 email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 


 
 
You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
For more options, visit 


