From:
ARAVIND R ce14b006 <ce14b006@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
students@smail.iitm.ac.in

Date:
18-8-2016

Thread ID:
1569d0103bb84f7c

Subject:
Equity Research Initiative : Physical Information session at IIT Madras

Body:
General Secretary,


Mentored Research is an organisation spearheaded by BITS Pilani university
alumni who are looking to increase the availability of resources related to
financial programs to interested students.


With this in mind, we would like to conduct a physical information session
on campus at IIT Madras where students can interact with our course
directors and understand more about the program.


Below, I have provided some information regarding the program which can be
circulated amongst the students on campus.


 


MentoredResearch  is proud to present
its flagship program E2 the Equity Research Initiative (ERI); an 8 w
eek
internshipcumtraining program designed to train students to perform an
educated analysis of stocks.

In operations since 2010, ERI has equipped students from the top colleges
of India, including the likes of the campuses BITS Pilani University, IIT
Kharagpur, NIT Trichy, BIT Mesra, VJTI Mumbai, Lady Shri Ram College (Delhi
University), etc in the art of equity research.

Students are taught how to analyze businesses and their respective sectors,
screen for comparable companies, read financial statements, use ratio
analysis techniques, and construct valuation models. Done right, this will
gives students an understanding and insight into the business of the
company and its performance relative to industry benchmarks.


 Students complete the program by compiling their analysis into a stock
pitch video, giving them invaluable soft skills. In course of this program,
students are also given the opportunity to interact and network with
several finance professionals via live online chat sessions.


Further, students who successfully complete the course will receive a
certificate of completion. Beyond the 8 weeks of interactive learning, such
a certification will undoubtedly be a lucrative resume addition for any
student inclined towards finance, investment banking, stock markets,
business consultancy and related avenues.


There are no prerequisites to this program, with the only requirements
being a passion to broaden your horizons and a willingness to learn.

Program Components:

    Fundamental Analysis
    Financial Modeling using MSExcel
    Valuation Techniques
    Equity Research
    Stock Pitch
    Interactive sessions with experienced industry experts


Video Lectures:

    Introduction to MsExcel
    Introduction to Stock Markets and Investing
    Fundamental Analysis
    Ratio Analysis
    Discounted Cash Flow Valuation
    Relative Valuation



Some of the previous Chat sessions were taken by:

    Research Analyst, Virginia Retirement System
    Assistant Professor, CBS  Zayed University
    Analyst, JP Morgan
    Investment Banking Analyst, Avendus Capital
    Principal, Broadreach Asset Management, US
    Analyst, World Fuel Services
    VP, Risk Analyst  Structured Securities, Bank of the West
    Sr. Valuation Analyst, John Hancock Life Insurance Company



Commencement: 2nd week of September, 2016

Fees:

    Individual: INR 3,500/ per participant
    Team of 2: INR 6,500/ per team



Mode of application:

    To apply: 

Deadline for applications: 31st August, 2016



In case of any queries, please direct them to:

    info@mentoredresearch.com
    Whatsapp: 001 405 880 3135

 All the interested students are requested to fill this intent form
 .


 We will have a whatsapp group discussion in which students who are
interested can clarify all their doubts regarding the course with the
directors of this program. Any doubts can clarified with our campus
ambassador, Aravind R.


Details of campus ambassador:
Aravind R.
armiraaravind6@gmail.com
9626646739




 Aravind.R (CE14B006) is our campus ambassador for this program. He will be
following up with you regarding the details for the physical information
session.


I look forward to hearing from you.


Regards,
Jatin Nayak
Business Development team
MentoredResearch



