From:
Chairman Council of Wardens <ccw@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"students@smail.iitm.ac.in" <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
18-8-2016

Thread ID:
1569c87496ffebd4

Subject:
Mess Registration for the period from 01-09-2016 to 30-09-2016

Body:
b"         Dear Hostel residents:  You can register your preference for messes in the following portal:     .     This portal is open from  18 th</sup  August 2016 11.00 hrs to 25 th August  2016 23.00 hrs .  Period of messing from  1 st September 2016 to 30 th sup September  2016   Those who have problem in login use the external linkandregister your choice of messes.   You need to fill in the mess feedback form update your personal data strong , only then you will be able to do mess   registration .   The residents who would like to register only for Jain mess MUST choose it as their first preference.  A DIET EXPRESS in Himalaya will be operating  either a Food Court (FC)or Regular North Indian (NI)menu or both FC and NI depending on the number of registrations.  Similarly NEELKESH CATERER PVT LTD in Vindhyawill be operating   either a Food Court (FC)or Regular North Indian (NI)menu or both FC and NI depending on the number of registrations .  The residents of Sarayu, Sharavati, Sharavati Ext. (Tunga) and Sabarmati hostels MUST give their preferences for minimum 4  of the following messes:  (1)   M/S. VASAN TIFFIN HOME (South Indian) mess at Vindhya ground floor, (2)  M/S NEELKESH CATERER PVT LTD (North Indian) mess at Vindhya first floor (3) M/S NEELKESH CATERER PVT LTD (FOOD COURT) at Vindhya first floor (4) M/S A DIET EXPRESS (Food Court) at Himalaya (5) M/S FIRST MAN MANAGEMENT SERVICES (Food Court) at Himalaya (6) M/S ZENITH FOOD SOLUTIONS PRIVATE LIMITED  Mandakini Jain food  The male residents MUST give their preferences for a minimum of    out of 10  messes listed in the preference for messes in the portal.  All the unregistered residents, both male and female, will be allocated to the messes that have vacancies and in this regard the decision of the Hostel Mess Allocation committee is final. No change of mess after allocation is entertained.    Those ladies who wish to dine in messes other than prescribed for ladies may contact the Chairman; Hostel Management after the allocation is completed.    Those who wish to dine in groups will have to do the following:  (a) There will be an option to create a unique group name. Please make sure the members of your group know the group name (for example, if you type the group name as 'abc1' then make sure your group members know that this is the group name). Whoever creates the group name is the leader of the group and the preferences given by that leader only will be used for allocation. If you are already a leader of a group, you cannot join another group or you cannot come out of the group.</p (b) There will be an option for joining a group as member. You will be asked to type the group name that you wish to join. One student can join in only one group. The members can opt out of the group if they wish; they can also join another group or register as individual at any time before the dead line for registration.  (c) A group can have a maximum of 8 members only. When the number in the group exceeds 8, there will be a flag shown alerting that you cannot join that group.  (d) Each group will get only one chance in the random pick.   Any additional decisions on mess allocation will rest with the Hostel Mess Allocation committee. Send you email to: ccw@iitm.ac.in         Prof. K. Sethupathi CCW, IIT Madras       "

