From:
Centre for innovation cfi <cfi@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
students@list.iitm.ac.in

Date:
13-11-2016

Thread ID:
1585ce6b5bb6c245

Subject:
Recruitment II Foldable Houses startup

Body:
Hi there!



Greetings from Foldable Housing startup!!!



Hope your endsem preparations are going well!!



Who are we?

             We are a housing startup developing a new product which would
revolutionize the housing Industry. Preengineered structures are the
future of the construction industry. The design being a highly versatile
one, it can be easily remodeled and implemented in many sectors. These can
be used as emergency shelters, Temporary shelters, Housing rehabilitation
programs, Rapid Housing, futuristic design for smart infrastructure and
smart cities.


Why you should join us?

           This would be a great opportunity for people who are interested
to work in tech startups. Since we are at the developing stage, this is the
place where you could come in and can really contribute in designing the
base concept rather than just being a member/coordinator. We are planning
to build a real model and test it out during the winter vacation. This
would provide an overall learning experience.


Our success story!
          So far, we have successfully created a prototype in CFI which was
exhibited in Open House 2016. There was a lot of positive feedback from
various professors, representatives from the industry and students about
this idea. We were also mentioned in Times of India

 and Andhrajyothy
<#issue/16/3
 .

We are looking for members!

  We are looking for enthusiastic and technically sound members to take up
an active role in the following roles:


    Autodesk Inventor/Solidworks/PTC Creo
    Autodesk Revit
    STAAD Modelling/Analysis
    Animation video
    Crafting elevator pitch and fundraising

How to sign up?

    Please fill up this google form

if
you are interested to be one of us. For any queries, mail us at
cfifoldablehouses@gmail.com .

We will be having interviews right after endsems (24/11/16). The selected
candidates are expected to stay back for at least the first 2 weeks of
vacation.



For further details or clarifications, contact:

Shree Ram R  8681086668

Santhosh G V  8122933256

Gobinath P  9791326993


Regards,

Foldable Housing Team

Centre for Innovation,
Indian Institute of Technology Madras.
Website  | Facebook
 | Google+
 | YouTube
 |Twitter




