From:
Chakravarthy Balaji <balaji@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"students@list.iitm.ac.in" <students@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
15-8-2016

Thread ID:
15691db413bb826f

Subject:
Vivekananda Heritage Walk Registration for Freshers-VSC

Body:
b'          V ivekananda S tudy C ircle      Dear Freshers,  Welcome to IIT  Madras. Congratulations to all of you for your hardwork, perseverance and success. Your time here will form some of the most memorable and unforgettable years of your life. Your stay at IIT will also mark some of the most formative years of your life. Here you will be presented with a tremendous opportunity to discover yourself and also to shape yourself into strong, brave and good men and women. <span styleD"fontsize: 13px;"   Vivekananda Study Circle, an IITM Student\'s Initiative since 1997 has actively and successfully thrived in IIT  Madras under the kind encouragement and environment provided by the facultyand staff, the strength of our mentors and dedicated student volunteers. Our group is dedicated to the ideas of Swami Vivekananda like that of ManMaking and NationBuilding throughCharacterBuilding. </font   For most of you, this would be the first time living away from home and for many more, coming as far south as Chennai. Tomost of you, this is an atypical culture, a strange language, a foreign cuisine and certainly an extremely uninhabitableweather. But if you look closely, you will realize that Chennai isrich in heritage and culture that is as Indian as it is unique.   With the intent to acclimatize and introduce freshers to Chennai\'s heritage, we present you; Vivekananda Heritage Walk (VHW) on <font faceD"verdana,sansserif" sizeD"1" th August 2015 (Saturday) . The tour (by institute bus ) covers several heritage sites associated with Swami Vivekananda. The Itinerary can be found at the Registration Desk. Registration for Heritage Walk can be done at our Registration Desks arranged at Vindhya and Himalaya on 17th August, Wednesday. We have verylimited seats whichwill be allocated on first come first serve basis. Priorregistration&nbs;p;is compulsory.  The Walk is free of cost  .  You must have already noticed some calendars of Vivekananda Study Circle at various places in the institute. They are very limited in number and you may voluntarily collect them from our volunteers. The details regarding this shall be informed to you on your hostel notice board.     We request you to bring your institute identity card or mess card for verification during the Heritage Walk registration.     DATE   :  strong 17th August, Wednesday  (Registration)      TIME    : </strong 7:00 PM to 8:30 PM    VENUE  : Himalaya (on both the days)           Vindhya (only on 17th,Wed)      Contact:   Chaitanya&nb;sp;  9884299040  Sai Teja  &nbsp;  8939625040   Ashish   &nb;sp;  8124574377    Wishing you all the best to become the very best you can.      With Best Wishes,  VSC Team,  vsc@smail.iitm.ac.in      Unselfishness is God  Visit our YouTube Channel  Vivekananda Study Circle . Like our facebook page  Vivekananda Study Circle .    Best wishes  Balaji           D r.Chakravarthy Balaji   Prof essor,   Department of Mechanical Engineering  Indian Institute of Technology Madras  Chennai 600 036, INDIA  Phone: 91 44  2257 4689  Fax: 91 44  2257 4652                        '

