From:
Dean Academic Courses <deanac@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"students@list.iitm.ac.in" <students@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
4-11-2016

Thread ID:
1582eab4bc461036

Subject:
Fw: ICTS - S. N. Bhatt Memorial Excellence Fellowship Program 2017

Body:
b"     FYI      Dean Academic Courses IIT Madras, Chennai 600036, India.  The information in the mail is meant only for the earmarked recipients and should not be shared or made public without permission       From:  ICTS S.N. BHATT MEMORIAL EXCELLENCE FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM <summer.program@icts.res.in  Sent:  Friday, November 4, 2016 1:50 PM  Subject:  ICTS  S. N. Bhatt Memorial Excellence Fellowship Program 2        Dear All,   International Centre for Theoretical Sciences (ICTSTIFR), Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Bengaluru invites applications from academically bright and motivated students for the ICTS  S. N. Bhatt Memorial Excellence Fellowship Program in the summer of 2017. This program offers a unique opportunity to undergraduate/masters students of Science and Engineering to work with faculty and postdoctoral fellows of the Centre and to participate in research at the frontiers of knowledge.   Eligibility Undergraduate students of science, mathematics and engineering, who are in their third, fourth or fifth year of the program are eligible to apply. Exceptional undergraduates in their second year may also apply. Masters degree students and those who have completed their undergraduate are also welcome to apply.   How to apply Interested candidates should   apply online  with their CV and relevant details. The applicants also need to arrange at least two recommendation letters. Applications will be normally reviewed around February/March every year (deadline for application: 31 January 2017).    Please find the poster for this programme attached with this email.       We would greatly appreciate, if you could please share the above announcement with potential applicants and request you to display this on your organisation's notice board.    Best Regards, span     The coordinator  ICTS  S. N. Bh att Memorial Excellence Fellowship Program 2017                     International Centre for Theoretical Sciences Tata Institute of Fundamental Research Survey No. 151, Shivakote Village, Hesaraghatta Hobli, Bengaluru (North)     Ph: 080 4653 6000  Website : www.icts.res.in "

