From:
Nagarajan R <nag@IITM.AC.IN>

To:
"students@smail.iitm.ac.in" <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
14-8-2016

Thread ID:
1568a45414136e13

Subject:
Talks by Dr. Vikram Rao ( BT-MT, '65 ), Executive Director, Research
 Triangle Energy Consortium, on Aug 18, Thursday

Body:
b"          E2BDear Students,    You are invited to these talks by Dr. Vikram Rao ( BTMT, '65 ) , Executive Director, Research Triangle Energy Consortium, on Aug 18, Thursday:    11 am, Dept of Ocean Engineering               Shale Oil and Gas: Process, Risks and Rewards Shale oil and gas have changed the economic landscape in the US.  Shale oil has been responsible for the worldwide plummet in oil and LNG prices.  The political balance of energy power has shifted. Geological considerations dictate that the resource is widely available outside the US.  The environmental risks can be managed with proper regulations and associated practices.  Properly constructed fiscal regimes will be critical for success.  Strategies for Displacing Oil Oil dominates the transportation fuel sector.  Net importing nations would do well to develop strategies to displace oil to the extent feasible.  Methanol and dimethyl ether (DME) are effective partial or full substitutes for petrol and diesel, respectively.  Both may be synthesized from either coal, natural gas or biogas.  Each has much lower emissions than what it is replacing.  DME has zero particulates in the discharge.  Plummeting costs of DNA sequencing suggest that the time is right for genetically modified Jatropha.  Electric vehicles consume 60% less energy on a minetowheel basis.  Widespread adoption likely requires a 50% drop in battery costs, but this is likely with a few years.  The goal is not to eliminate oil, it is to reduce it from the position of a strategic commodity to a merely useful one.  3 pm in MSB 211:   Just in Place Manufacturing  Just in Time manufacturing improved productivity through reduced raw material and finished goods inventory. Just in Place manufacturing, when feasible, reduces transportation costs and the environmental footprint. It applies when the raw material is highly distributed, such as in the case of shale gas and biogas.&nbs;p; Small scale distributed manufacturing will eliminate long raw material supply lines, resulting also in a lower environmental footprint. The hurdle is overcoming economies of scale of large plants. Recent developments are described for addressing this challenge.&nbsp; Smaller plants are easier to finance, quicker to build and create jobs all over the country rather than in concentrated pockets. One may view this as a democratization of that portion of the industry.    About the speaker:   Vikram Rao ( BTMT, '65 ) is Executive Director, Research Triangle Energy Consortium www.rtecrtp.org  , a nonprofit in energy founded by Duke University, North Carolina State University, RTI International and University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Its mission is to illuminate national energy priorities, and those of the world by extension, and to catalyze research to address these priorities.  Dr. Rao advises the nonprofit RTI International, venture capitalist Energy Ventures AS, and firms BioLargo Inc., Global Energy Talent Ltd., Biota Technology Inc., Melior Innovations Inc. and Eastman Chemicals Company. &nb;sp;He retired as Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of Halliburton Company in 2008 and followed his wife to Chapel Hill, NC, where she is on the UNC faculty. Later that year he took his current position. He also is past Chairman of the North Carolina Mining and Energy Commission.  Dr. RaoE2s book  Shale Gas: the Promise and the Peril  was released in 2012 by RTI Press and can be found at www.rti.org/shalegasbook  .&nbsp; It is written for general audiences and is intended to inform on the heated debate on fracturing for shale gas. The Revised Edition with six new chapters and extensive revision was released on August 8, 2015   . His forthcoming book with Dr. Rob Knight, Sustainable Shale Oil and Gas: Analytical Chemistry, Geochemistry and Biochemistry Methods , is scheduled for release by Elsevier Press in October, 2016.  Dr. Rao holds a bachelorE2s degree in engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology in Madras, India, along with a masterE2s degree and a doctorate in Materials Science and Engineering from Stanford University. He is the author of more than 30 publications and has been awarded 40 US patents and foreign analogs.   With regards....  Prof. R. Nagarajan  Department of Chemical Engineering Dean, International & Alumni Relations IIT Madras  email: deaniar@iitm.ac.in Phone: +91 9444008390                                  "

