From:
Mahalakshmi M <mlakshmi@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"announce@list.iitm.ac.in" <announce@list.iitm.ac.in>,
	"announcelist@iitm.ac.in" <announcelist@iitm.ac.in>,
	"students@smail.iitm.ac.in" <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>, "smail@iitm.ac.in"
	<smail@iitm.ac.in>

Date:
3-11-2016

Thread ID:
1582e56c838b2757

Subject:
Control of Dengue spread

Body:
b'      Dear All,    Dengue Fever is the most prevalent mosquitoborne ( Aedes aegypti ) viral infection. Dengue is caused by serologically distinct viruses DENV 1, DENV 2, DENV 3, and DENV 4. Individuals living in a zone of endemic dengue can be infected up to four dengue serotypes in lifetime.  The Institute along with the Corporation of Chennai is following every individual case in our campus, both residential and hostel zones., and necessary action is taken. The engineering unitis targeting all mosquito breeding sites and regular fogging is being carried out. We request all campus residents , departments andstudents to cooperate.     Preventive</span measures  include:   Do not let water to stagnate in the vicinity ( ground and terrace ). Remove tyres, coconut shells, food containers  empty aluminum foil containers, plastic containers , empty used tea cups etc., Use mosquito repellents when you are outside like OAT, playground, labs etc.,</li Wear long sleeved shirts and long pants when outdoors. Use mosquito nets over beds. Provision of mosquito mesh work/framework for windows and doors. Use commercially available electric bats to target adult mosquitoes that are at home and workplaces Avoid going near mosquito habitats or breeding areas. Water containers for deer and birds need to changed daily, otherwise they become breeding sites for mosquitoes.  Any individual suffering from fever is required to take care of Hydration with liberal amounts of liquids: tender coconut water, fresh fruit juices, and Tablet. Paracetamol would be sufficient; later seek medical help at our hospital.  The Corporation of Chennai and Government of Tamilnadu are recommending Papaya leaves juice( to improve platelet counts)and Nilavembu Kashayam ( to boost immunity)   WhenCan One Infect Others :  &nb;sp; Human are infective when there is viraemia (i.e) 6  18 hours before the onset of symptoms and ends as the fever resolves.   Control Of Dengue Now In Our Hands  &nb;sp;We request campus residents and students to use Odomos,full sleeves,full pants, and nets : a) when you are suffering from the Prodromal stages (i.e) When you are suffering from Headache,Back pain/bone pain and RetroOrbital head ache. This is to check the spread of dengue. Kindly Cooperate in this record. b) During Fever Stage c ) Recovery stage  Nilavembu Kashayam is available at our hospital for all students.  with regards, Dr. Mahalakshmi   '

