From:
"Secretary (Research Affairs) sec_resaf" <sec_resaf@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
students@smail.iitm.ac.in

Date:
12-8-2016

Thread ID:
15680b148eee4b31

Subject:
Guidelines to Register for Placement Season 2016-2017

Body:
This mail is intended only for MS and PhD Scholars. Others can kindly
ignore. 

Dear Scholars,

The placement registrations are started. Eligible MS and PhD scholars can
register throughout the year. However, it is beneficial to register latest
by 10th September. Please follow below procedure for registration.


Registration Procedure: 

Step 1: Pay the Placement Fee of 1210 Rs. at payment link
  Take a print out of receipt.

Step 2: Register in Placement portal
.

Step 3: Take print out of Abstract and NoC. (You will be able to download
them once you complete registration in the portal.
Note: Do not manually write abstract and NoC. Your will be able to download
them after registration.)

Step 4: Get your Grade sheet
             a) If you have done exactly number of courses (5 courses for
MS & 4 for PhD), you can download the Grade sheet from IITM website
.
             b) If you have done more than five courses and not doing any
courses in current semester, write a letter to DR Research though guide
               requesting grade sheet. They will issue it in two days.
             c) If you are doing courses in this semester, I'll let you
know what to do by Tuesday.

Submit the print out of 

1. Payment receipt
2. Abstract
3. NoC 
4. Grade sheet

       to Staff at Placement Office (HSB 155, Ground Floor Humanities
Sciences Block). They will activate your registration with in 24 Hrs.

General suggestions:

1. All interested scholars are suggested to register for placements by Sept
10th, as most of the companies close the resume submission and start their
recruitment test in Sept 2nd week. You will not be allowed to attend a
company without writing their recruitment test.

2. MS Scholars who are planning for higher studies are recommended to
refrain from placements. Even if you register, please deregister from
placements once your PhD admission is confirmed. This would increase the
probability of your fellow scholars to get a job.


For any queries, revert on this thread. 


 


Thanks and regards,

Srikanth Kotra
Research Affairs Secretary
PhD Scholar | Dept. of Electrical Engineering
Indian Institute of Technology Madras
(M) +91 94440 05772 | (P) +91 8056254956



