From:
"Secretary, International and Alumni Relations" <sec_iar@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
STUDENT mailing list <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
12-8-2016

Thread ID:
1564d780c4df73e1

Subject:
Re: [Opportunity][I&AR] Call for Applications - Content Development
 Team (I&AR Student Council)

Body:
Please note: Deadline for application submission has been extended to
16th August 11.59 pm.

Regards,
Poojan Patel
Secretary, International and Alumni Relations, IIT Madras
4th Year Dual Degree | Dept. of Civil Engineering
Saraswathi Hostel, Indian Institute of Technology Madras
(M) 9884180125 | (O) 9444396170
E2BFeedback/suggestions for I&AR Team? Let us know <
CTpu!E2B

On Wed, Aug 3, 2016 at 12:00 AM, Secretary, International and Alumni
Relations <sec_iar@smail.iitm.ac.in wrote:

 Hello everyone,

 The Content Development team of the International and Alumni Relations
 Student Council is recruiting!

 Content Development is primarily in charge of two social media forums 
 the alumni blog, Chennai36, and the Facebook page for students who've bee
n
 on exchange, InstiSpice. As part of Chennai36, you'll have a chance to ta
lk
 to and record the stories of many of our amazing alumni  for example, we
 had the opportunity to talk to every one of 2016's Distinguished Alumni
 Awardees. Notable among the articles the blog currently hosts are those
 based on interviews with Prem Watsa, Suresh Kalpathi, Vellayan Subbiah, a
nd
 many others.

 InstiSpice is a relatively new initiative, so you'll have the chance to
 help shape it with your ideas! You'll also get to hear about the amazing
 experiences of students who have been on exchange  both incoming and
 outgoing.

 In addition to Chennai36 and InstiSpice, the Content team is  as the nam
e
 suggests  in charge of supplying all the other teams with whatever
 written content they require. As you may be aware, the IAR council is now
 in charge of the branding of IITM. Your writing could be an integral part
 of that.

 And that's not counting the great networking opportunities you'll be
 presented with as part of the IAR student council!

 We have two positions for which we're recruiting  correspondent and
 editor. Correspondents will be the ones mainly in charge of creating
 content for the forums under our control, and editors, who will supervise
 their running and ensure that all content is up to the mark. Both positio
ns
 are open to current second years and above. The deadline for applications
 is 10th August 2016. Please send them in to vandy.geclue@gmail.com, with
 the subject as 'Application for Content Development '. If you have any
 questions, feel free to direct them to the same email ID. We encourage
 students from entire student body (including UGs and PGs) to apply.

 We hope to see you working with us soon!

 Warm regards,
 Vandana Ramakrishnan
 Head, Content Development

 Regards,
 Poojan Patel
 Secretary, International and Alumni Relations, IIT Madras
 4th Year Dual Degree | Dept. of Civil Engineering
 Saraswathi Hostel, Indian Institute of Technology Madras
 (M) 9884180125 | (O) 9444396170
 E2BFeedback/suggestions for I&AR Team? Let us know <
mlCTpu!E2B




