From:
iitmssiva@gmail.com

To:
STUDENT mailing list <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
11-8-2016

Thread ID:
15677fcc964066a9

Subject:
OVERWHELMED BY EMOTIONS? - Confidential help is available in the institute

Body:
Hi,
Greetings.

During the course of your stay at IIT, it is likely that you face
challenges of many types.  Some may be easy to adapt to, while others may
be difficult to cope with.  They may be related to academics, making and
keeping relationships, familial, financial, your future careers or purely
biological. While we are all trying to find out innovative ways of dealing
with these challenges, sometimes we may feel overwhelmed by them.

It is absolutely okay to seek help.  There are many ways apart from the
routine.

1.  Professional counselors are on campus to help you.

You can call them and meet in person.

Professional counseling  inperson
12Noon to 7pm (MonFri) at the 3rd level Central Library.
Call 044 2257 5555 (campus line).
If no one picks up, it goes to telecounseling numbers automatically.
Telecounseling 944541 8162 / 8172 / 8312
The sessions will be kept completely CONFIDENTIAL.



2.  You can try CHAT ONLINE through www.yourdost.com
  an online platform that enables you to get
guidance on oneoone basis from 350+ experts consisting of career coaches,
life coaches and psychologists for a productive lifestyle.

3.  You can contact Mitr student counselors  list available at
mitr.iitm.ac.in

4.  You can call Captain Dhwarakanathan (sits in the DoSt office floor),
coordinating officer mitr.  His number is available at mitr.iitm.ac.in

5.  Or, call me / come and chat with me about what you are going through.
My cell no. 9444008050


Read on...

Whenever you experience feelings of sadness, fear, anger, frustration or
grief due to any circumstance, please reach out for help and avail the
services on campus. A professional counsellor is trained to help
individuals get clarity, deal with intense emotions, identify their own
solutions and overcome their negative feelings while maintaining strict
levels of confidentiality.

We aim to promote wellbeing among students and enable you to excel in all
spheres of life.

anbudan,
Siva

DoSt   Dean (Students)

on behalf of Mitr and professional counselors



