From:
Nagarajan R <nag@IITM.AC.IN>

To:
"students@smail.iitm.ac.in" <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
11-8-2016

Thread ID:
15677f63f5107ca0

Subject:
TODAY (Thursday, Aug 11): Talk by Dr. Amrutur V. Anilkumar ( BT-ME,
 '82 ), Professor of Practice of Aerospace & Mechanical Engineering,
 Vanderbilt University @ 5 pm IC & SR Auditorium

Body:
b'       Dear Students,         Please join us for today\'s (Thursday, Aug 11)talk in our "Leadership Lecture Series" featuring alumni. The talk by Dr. Amrutur V. Anilkumar ( BTME, \'82 ), Professor of Practice of Aerospace & Mechanical Engineering, Vanderbilt University, strong at 5 pm in IC & SR Auditorium .      NOTE: THERE WILL BE APPR. 30 LECTURES ARRANGED DURING THE 201617ACADEMIC YEAR. STUDENTS WHO ATTEND AT LEAST 80% OF THE LECTURES WILL BE GIVEN A&n;bsp; CERTIFICATE OF COMPLETION BY THE OFFICE OF INTERNATIONAL & ALUMNI RELATIONS. ATTENDANCE MUST BE MARKED BEFORE & AFTER THE LECTURE TO BE VALID.        Title:  Aerospace Systems Engineering : The Way Forward        Abstract     The contemporary challenges facing a world with finite resources demands holistic engineering solutions. In particular, the aerospace systems engineering approach, which focuses on the design, testing, and implementation of complex and durable engineering systems, has broad applications to these contemporary challenges in fields as diverse as health care delivery, infrastructure development, and energy production. Space exploration, where the field originated, demands systems engineering solutions at extremes of precision and reliability. Following two decades of relative neglect during the instant gratification of the IT Boom, space exploration has recently reclaimed its position as one of humanitys foremost ambitions. The landscape of current space exploration efforts, however, looks different than before  a growing number of private space efforts are collaborating and competing with public efforts in pursuit of innovative, sustainable, and disruptive technologies that will change space flight as we know it. In this new and exciting era of spaceflight, Vanderbilt University has emerged as a major player in studentlead aerospace systems engineering engagement, design, and innovation.This presentation will showcase awardwinning novel aerospace projects of the Vanderbilt Aerospace Design Laboratory and emphasize the role of new systems engineering paradigms in engineering training and education for the 21 st Century.     About the Speaker                 Amurtur Anilkumar is a Professor of the Practice of Aerospace and Mechanical Engineering at Vanderbilt University.He has been a NASA investigator and operations manager of microgravity fluid phenomena experiments conducted on Space Shuttle flights and on the International Space Station. He is the founding director of the Vanderbilt Aerospace Design Laboratory and faculty advisor to the Vanderbilt Student Launch Team, which has won four backtoback NASA university student launch national titles and fifteen individual awards of excellence from NASA and equivalent number of awards from AIAA. Dr. Anilkumar was recently honored as the 2016 Faculty Advisor of the Year, and the Abe Zarem Educator of the Year by the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA). He has also received many other awards from NASA, AIAA, and Vanderbilt University, including the School of Engineering Award for Excellence in Teaching.Dr. Anilkumar graduated with a B.Tech. degree in Mechanical Engineering from IIT Madras, and a MS and PhD in Mechanical Engineering and Aeronautics from the Graduate Aerospace Laboratories at the California Institute of Technology.      With regards....  Prof. R. Nagarajan  Department of Chemical Engineering Dean, International & Alumni Relations IIT Madras  email: deaniar@iitm.ac.in Phone: +91 9444008390               '

