From:
"Secretary (Cultural Affairs Literary) sec_lit" <sec_lit@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
students@smail.iitm.ac.in

Date:
10-8-2016

Thread ID:
156759772bdf24e2

Subject:
Comedy Club Workshop | Thursday 5:45pm

Body:
Venue CRC 103

Time 17:45 hours (Using 5:45 pm is too mainstream)

Date Thursday, 11th August, 2016

Greetings wonderful residents of insti, we hope you all had a refreshing
weekend. If you didnE2t, maybe you need to find new friends or stop 
watching
E2CRoadiesE2D or maybe do both.

We, the folks at Comedy Club, are extremely delighted and honoured to kick
off the LitSoc campaign with the first event of the calendar year, which
also happens to be the first event in the history of our club. On this
momentous occasion, we present you a workshop onStandup Comedy by
Balakumaran
Murugesan. Basically, he is funnier than you, your family, and your
friends combined, and he is here to let you in on a few of his secrets (On
how to be funny of course. No one openly pronounces their love for Kanye or
KRK)





Balakumaran Murgesan is a standup comedian, and has performed in over a
hundred and fifty comedy shows. He is associated with the popular comedy
super group E2CEvamE2D and is often referred to as one of the b
est standup
comics in South India by peers and critics alike. He is also Creative
Director at digital media entertainment giants PutChutney productions and
an award winning playright. In short, he is Da Vinci.



We know none of you had ever dreamed of becoming standup comedians when
you were kids, however the workshop will be great fun nonetheless. There
will be interesting speaking games, insights on how to deliver great jokes
 and develop your own quirky sense of humour (Chandler Bing level), tips
on gauging audience feedback, how to keep a confident posture, analysing
your own content and lots more.



So to all those who want to enjoy a great laugh and try their hand at
standup or want to learn to be funny, please do show up at CRC 103 on
Thursday 5:45pm. It is the first of our workshops, and a great step towards
becoming a funnier person. Standup comedian aspirations or not, you will
leave the event feeling wittier and wiser, if not, we can always sue Bala.



