From:
"Secretary (Co-curricular Affairs) sec_cocur" <sec_cocur@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
students@list.iitm.ac.in

Date:
10-8-2016

Thread ID:
156752cb100beeca

Subject:
Market Research and Strategy Development Case || Shaastra Solutions

Body:
Greetings from Shaastra 2017,

This year we are conducting a brand new event, Shaastra Solutions

[image: Shaastra_Solutions_Logo.png]


What is Shaastra Solutions?

Shaastra Solutions is an initiative which aims at reducing the gap between
universities and industries by providing students with a unique opportunity
of working on live projects, both noncore and core . In this event,
problems/tasks faced by companies are outsourced to undergraduate students
in India. Selected candidates will be working on a specific case for a
company over a span of 46 weeks, under the guidance of experienced
mentors. The Solutions team will set up effective channels for
communication between student team and the client.


Areas in which we are taking projects:

Solutions is currently planning on taking projects in the following sectors:



Services we offer

What our team is expected to do

Performance Consultancy

Teams will focus on the execution of an initiative or overall performance
of their client.

Marketing and Sales

Team will provide advice on appropriate marketing and sales strategy to
increase product/service sales.

Market and Product Research

Teams will help chart out the course of an already existing/new product
into what should be done, for it to be successful. This also includes
looking at monetizable avenues



First project with Clonect Solutions:

For our first project we are working with Clonect Solutions, a company that
provides consultancies in the Governance, Risk and Compliance sector. They
plan to roll out a new service for which participants will be performing a
market research and developing a market entry strategy. Mentors will help
participants understand how to conduct market research, guide them in
analysis of the obtained data.


More details about:

 The project, its objectives and deliverables

 Selection process

 Duration and timeline

 Review and feedback mechanism

 Monetary and nonmonetary incentives (Certificates and goodies from the
client and Shaastra, possible internship opportunities, etc) will be
provided upon registration.


Interested students can register through this link : Registration Form


Feel free to reach out to solutions@shaastra.org in case of doubts/queries.

Regards,
Ramprashanth and Udith Krishna,
Core Members,
Shaastra 2017



