From:
Dean Academic Courses <deanac@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"students@list.iitm.ac.in" <students@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
9-8-2016

Thread ID:
1566db42c25e12a0

Subject:
Fw: Smart City Hackathon | 19-20 August 2016 | Support Required

Body:
b"          Dean Academic Courses IIT Madras, Chennai 600036, India.  The information in the mail is meant only for the earmarked recipients and should not be shared or made public without permission       From:  Young Indians <yi.coimbatore@cii.in  Sent:  Tuesday, August 9, 2016 10:17 AM  Cc:  veerpacks@gmail.com  Subject:  Smart City Hackathon | 1920 August 2016 | Support Required       Dear Sir / Madam ,                                  Greetings from CII Young Indians, Coimbatore Chapter!    We are pleased to inform you that CII and Yi Coimbatore is organizing a Smart City Hackathon  on 19, 20  , August 201  at KGISL, Coimbatore.     As you are aware, Confederation of Indian Industry (CII)  works to create and sustain an environment conducive to the development of India, partnering industry, Government, and civil society, through advisory and consultative processes. Young Indians (Yi)  Young Indians (Yi) is an integral part of the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), a nongovernment, notforprofit, industry led and industry managed organisation playing a proactive role in India's development process.    The  Smart City Hackathon  is all about  30 hours of Ideating, Implementing, and Collaborative Learning!     Over 200 participants from reputed Organizations, upcoming Startups and budding students are expected to participate in the Hackathon.    The Smart City Hackathon will have specific problems to solve in the below streams:   IT (Web / Mobile apps) IoT (Internet of Things)  With this background, we are writing to personally request you to support Smart City Hackathon by sending relevant teams for participation.     More details for Registration & About Smart City Hakachon available at www.yihackathon.com    We are also Glad to also inform:    Partnership with Smart City Coimbatore Ltd  for the Hackathon  Coimbatore CorporationCommissioner  is accepted to be part of the inauguration  UBER  has also confirmed their sponsorship & partnership   Looking forward to your support and partnership to make this Smart City Hackathon a grand success!     Regards    Veeshal Shreechand span  Core Committee Member Entrepreneurship & Innovation, Yi Coimbatore Chapter   Proprietor, Veer Packs     Confederation of Indian Industry  Coimbatore Zone  Unit No : B3A1, Second Floor.  Elysium Central, Opp. Carmel Garden School.  Puliakulam Road, Coimbatore  641045  Telefax : 04224044555  EMail&nb;sp;: yi.coimbatore@cii.in   </p     This message, including any files transmitted with it, is for the sole use of the intended recipient and may contain information that is confidential, legally privileged or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient, please note that any unauthorized use, review, storage, disclosure or distribution of this message and/or its contents in any form is strictly prohibited. If it appears that you are not the intended recipient or this message has been forwarded to you without appropriate authority, please immediately delete this message permanently from your records and notify the sender. CII makes no warranties as to the accuracy or completeness of the information in this message and accepts no liability for any damages, including without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages, arising out of or due to use of the information given in this message.  "

