From:
Dean Academic Courses <deanac@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"students@list.iitm.ac.in" <students@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
8-8-2016

Thread ID:
1566aa00e76c70d8

Subject:
Fw: Scholarship for B Tech/ M Tech students

Body:
b'          Dean Academic Courses IIT Madras, Chennai 600036, India.  The information in the mail is meant only for the earmarked recipients and should not be shared or made public without permission       From:  Dean Administration, IITM <deanadmn@iitm.ac.in  Sent:  Monday, August 8, 2016 6:42 PM  To:  Prabhu Sainani  Cc:  Dean Academic Courses; Registrar  Subject:  Re: Scholarship for B Tech/ M Tech students        On 08Aug2016, at 6:31 pm, Prabhu Sainani < p_sainani@rediffmail.com  wrote:    Dear Sirs,   We are a religious charitable Trust based in Mumbai, carrying out various Charitable services in Medical & Education field. In Medical field we have Dialysis Centre where we do about 400 dialysis FREE every month compared to outside cost of about Rs 1000 to Rs 1500/dialysis.  We do several cataract surgeries FREE every month. We dispense Free medicines after examination by qualified doctor.   In the Education field we are distributing about 15,000 Note books at 50% price to school & college students.We also give scholarships to needy & Meritorious students for Professional courses. We are planning to start Coaching classes forJEE students, as there is a big demand for this from poor section of society.   This is to inform that the above Trust is wishing to award7 scholarships of amount between Rs 50,000 to Rs70,000 each for needy and meritorious students studying B Tech at IITs. Interested students may download the scholarship form from our website www.kambardarbar.org  and send the same with necessary enclosures on theTrust address given in the attached circular. font   We request you to put up the attached circular on the Notice Board and also communicate about this thru your newsletter to receive maximum response.      Thanks for the information. All scholarships to B.Tech students are handled by the office of Dean (academic courses). I am passing along the message to that office, along with a request to give publicity through appropriate fora available, email etc.    Prof. VJK, we can send announcement to smail and also through DoSt office. You can follow up appropriately, thanks.    Sriram  Dean (admin)       '

