From:
"Secretary (Co-curricular Affairs) sec_cocur" <sec_cocur@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
students@list.iitm.ac.in

Date:
7-8-2016

Thread ID:
156640e4b781e84b

Subject:
Shaastra 2017 || Aspiring Events Coordinator Meet

Body:
Dear fellows,

Hoping all of you enjoying your summers.Here, once again Shaastra Events
team invites application for Events coordinator.

Shaastra Events Coordinator:

Here as a coordinator, you will have best platform to showcase your
technical skills in front of tech world. As, Shaastra Events team gives you
a free hand to design the problem statements/Event and judge the
participants.

For more details of Shaastra Events team, fill this
 google form and Join us in
"Aspiring Coordinator meet".

Venue: CLT
Date: Monday,08/08/2016
Timing: 8:30 pm

For a brief description about Shaastra Events team, have a look of
subdepartments mentioned below:

1. Aerofest   : Here we have events in the fields of aeromodelling,
aviation, and aerospace etc.
2. Bevents   :Here we have events like Big data Challenge,Startup wars,
Traders sheet etc.
3. Coding       : Here we have some mindboggling events like Mixels,
Crypto, Jarvis, Reverse Coding, Tidbits, Hackathon, Triathlon and Fosster.
4. Design and Build: Design and Build consist of the numbers of Robotics
events, RC car racing, Junkyards wars and etc.
5. Electronic Fest    :Having events like ElecKart, Arduino Programmers
Challenge, SCDC, PCB Design, BlackBox etc.
6. Involve and Quizzing: Here we have Puzzle Champ, Sudoku, Cube Open,
Rapid Chess, Tresure Hunt, Shaastra Main Quiz (SMQ), How Things Work (HTW),
ScEnt Quiz etc.
7. Research and industrial Events: Here you have platform to conduct some
related to your "Research". Research can be anything either from technical,
management or Humanities.
8. Workshops : Workshops from fields like Robotics, Aero, Automobile,
Webops, Mobops, Game development, ethical hacking, 3D animation, astronomy,
analytics, management, computational biology, softwares (ex: Matlab) are
conducted.

Be there on time, to find out all about Shaastra Events.

Regards
Animesh Bagora
Fourth year | Engineering Design (Automotive),
Cocurricular Affair Secretary
E2BE2B
Indian Institute of Technology Madras(IITM),
Chennai 600036, Tamil Nadu, India.

Ph: (O) +919444407541 | (P) +919884299639



