From:
Jitendra Sangwai <jitendrasangwai@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"students@smail.iitm.ac.in" <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
4-8-2016

Thread ID:
15655d36dad7f53a

Subject:
Fw: PE 6312 Enhanced Oil Recovery

Body:
b"       Dear Students:    We will be offering a regular course on ''Enhanced Oil Recovery'' from JulyNov 2016.     Final Year B. Tech./B.Tech. dual and M. Tech. studentsin Mechanical/Chemical Engineering may register.       PE 6 Enhanced Oil Recovery     Description : General EOR: Definition of Reserves, Environmental and Economics Aspects of EOR Methods, Displacement Fundamentals, Reservoir Engineering Concepts for EOR, Factors Affecting Oil Recovery, Comparative Performance of Different EOR Methods, Screening Criteria and Technical Constraints. Miscible Processes: General Overview of Solvent Methods, Phase Behaviour Fundamentals: Pressure/Temperature and Pressure/Composition Diagrams, Quantitative Representation of Phase Equilibria Processes. Chemical and Polymer Flooding: Fractional Flow Theory, Dissipation in Immiscible Displacements, And Applications of Fractional Flow in Oil Recovery Calculations, Homogeneous Reservoirs: BuckleyLeverett. Onedimensional displacement, Layered Reservoirs: Styles, DykstraParsons and Johnson Methods. Improved Water flooding Processes: Polymer Flooding, Rheology of Polymer Solutions, Polymer Adsorption and Retention, MicellarPolymer or Microemulsion Flooding, Properties of Surfactants and Cosurfactants, SurfactantBrineOil Phase Behaviour. Thermal Process: Steam Injection Process, Cyclic and Continuous Steam Injection, Thermal Process of Fluids and Solids. Steam Properties: Flow Rates and Quality Measurements, Temperature Effect on Reservoir and Fluid Properties, Viscosity Reduction, Thermal Expansion, Oil Characterization for Thermal reservoir simulation, Evaluation of Heat losses, Prediction of Steam flood Performance, Cyclic Steam Performance: Marx Langenheim Model, Steam flood Performance: Gommas Method. Microbial EOR: Well bore clean up, well stimulation and Enhanced water floods using Microbes .     Thanking you.    Sincerely,    Jitendra Sangwai      "

