From:
Raftar Formula Racing <raftar@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
students@list.iitm.ac.in, btech@smail.iitm.ac.in, mtech@smail.iitm.ac.in, 
	phd@smail.iitm.ac.in, ms@smail.iitm.ac.in, mba@smail.iitm.ac.in

Date:
4-8-2016

Thread ID:
15655d348917e963

Subject:
Raftar Formula racing || Call for sponsorship team members

Body:
Hello,

Greetings from Raftar Formula Racing!

We are the Formula Student Combustion team of IIT Madras representing the
institute at the prestigious Formula Student competitions. In simpler
words, we make our very own race cars from scratch and pit them against the
world. To know more about Formula Student, we suggest you to visit here
 and strongly
recommend to watch this video .

Over the last five years of our journey, we have pioneered innovation and
technical advancement among Indian teams. Through these years we have come
to realize that there is much more to a race car beyond its technical
aspects. Keeping up the momentum of our growth, we are evolving to compete
at a global level which has necessitated search for increased funding. This
is where YOU come in.

We are opening positions for those of you interested in taking up marketing
and sponsorship responsibilities. This role would involve the following:

    Exploring new avenues for sponsorship
    Contacting and developing relations with prospective sponsors
    Content generation for marketing and social media

Not only this, depending upon your involvement we would be also willing to
include you in preparations for nontechnical competition events such as
Business logic presentations.

Here's the value addition you can expect by being part of our team:

    Opportunity to apply and refine your marketing and communication
   skills in a corporate scenario
    In depth understanding of project management in a professional and
   demanding environment
    Chance to work with one of the most active teams in the insti and to
   understand the team dynamics
    Opportunity to travel with the team to competitions which see huge
   participation from students and corporates across the globe

Please fill this form

 before 11:59 pm, Monday, 8th August if you are interested. We encourage
applications from students enrolled across all programs except first year
engineering undergraduates.

Feel free to contact the following persons for any clarifications.

Vishwajeet Sikchi: 9884181291
Abhiram Y: 7299022365

Warm regards,
Raftar Formula Racing



