From:
Dean Academic Courses <deanac@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"students@list.iitm.ac.in" <students@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
3-8-2016

Thread ID:
156514bf5fb41e40

Subject:
Fw: SSAN ANANYA Educational Trust: Interest Free loans for 1st year
 BTech/Dual degree students of IITM - call for applications

Body:
b'          Dean Academic Courses IIT Madras, Chennai 600036, India.  The information in the mail is meant only for the earmarked recipients and should not be shared or made public without permission       From:  Suresh OAA  Sent:  Wednesday, August 3, 2016 10:27 AM  To:  Dean Academic Courses  Cc:  Nagarajan R  Subject:  SSAN ANANYA Educational Trust: Interest Free loans for 1st year BTech/Dual degree students of IITM  call for applications      Dear Prof.    Every year, the following interest free loan message along with calling forapplication is being postedin the announcemail, by your office. Request you to post this in the students announce.....Suresh                   SSAN   1 st  year BTech/Dual degree students of IITM   An alumnus, Mr.Sunderam Swaminathan, has created E2CSSANANANYA EDUCATIONAL TRUSTE2D  to provide  financial assistance in the form of interest free loan  Rs. 1.2lakhs each span , and add 5 students every year for the next 34 years. His vision is to see this scheme supports at least 100 students within 1218 years and start growing exponentially further He intends to achieve this by having beneficiaries pay back into the program directly within about 5 years after start of earnings. The candidates should realize that this Trust is started purely with a vision to make the Trust large enough to ensure no candidate is deprived of education inIITM due to financial reasons. This means that the success solely depends on these candidates giving back the amount within, say, 4 years (this will be about Rs. 12,500 / month which is very reasonable)  once they start earning. No interest will be applicable. They can even contribute more, if they wish. Administration of the E2CSSANAETLoanE2D will be done by the office of Dean (AC) and Dean (IAR) in coordination with the Donor. Eligibility: i) Students with good academic records (based onJEE rank), ii) Parental income should be less than Rs 12 lakhs  per annum, and iii) The student should not be receiving any other scholarships / assistance. Interested and eligible students are requested to discuss with their parents about the E2CSSANAETinterest free LoanE2D, get their consent for submitting the application and then send a mail to&n;bsp; deaniar@iitm.ac.in  giving the roll no., name,JEE rank and annual parental income. The formal request should reach Dean (IAR) before 31st October 2016. After first stage of personal interaction, for the shortlisted students, Dean (IAR) will provide the formal application for providing and enclosing the following requirements: C2B7 &nbsp; A letter from parents underwriting the amount; the parent(s) must sign a stamped paper stating that the amount will be returned to the SSAN ANANYA TRUST  Account through ACT within 4 years of the recipient finding employment. C2B7 &nbsp; A letter from the recipient stating his/ her intent to return the amount within that period. C2B7 &nbsp; Filled application with all relevant details such as StudentE2s ID card, PAN cards, and parentE2s income certificate with the Mission Statement by each applicant. C2B7 &nbsp; Progress report and academic performance will be reviewed by the committee which helps the donor in administering this initiative. Each beneficiary should ensure meeting basic minimum performance criteria (to be established later) to renew the loan every year C2B7 &nbsp; At the time of graduation, beneficiaries will be required to provide contact information in a prescribed format, and their employment/ repayment status, career growth, achievements etc. will be tracked by Office of Alumni Affairs and all details will be posted in the web site Each beneficiary will be provided with a Trust Roll number for identification as a member of this benevolent group.  <span styleD"fontfamily:"arial","sansserif"" langD"ENUS"'

