From:
Vande Mataram <vandemataram@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
students@list.iitm.ac.in, students@smail.iitm.ac.in

Date:
3-8-2016

Thread ID:
1564a4cb6768c1e6

Subject:
Re: Interaction session with Social Hero "Shri Paalam Kalyanasundaram"

Body:
Hi Friends,
Reminder for the event.

On Tue, Aug 2, 2016 at 11:10 AM, Vande Mataram <
vandemataram@smail.iitm.ac.in wrote:

 Vande Mataram cordially invites you all for Interaction session with so
cial
 hero

 "Shri Paalam Kalyanasundaram"

 DATE : WEDNESDAY,  3 AUGUST 2016
 TIME : 5.00 PM

 VENUE : IC&SR Main AUDITORIUM (Near Admin. Building)


 About the event

           Screening of short documentary about Shri P. Kalyanasundaram's
 life

           Talk by author (Shri S G Suryah)

           Talk by Shri Paalam Kalyanasundaram

           Q & A

 About Paalam Kalyanasundaram

 Shri P. Kalyanasundaram has given a whole new definition to the word
 E2charityE2. He never married and took up odd parttime job
s to make ends
 meet as he donated every single rupee he ever earned as a librarian durin
g
 his 35 years of service E2 even his pension of Rs.10 lakhs and awa
rd of
 Rs.30 crores! He did a hotel job in the evening to meet his food and othe
r
 needs.
 UNO, United Nations Organization adjudged Kalyanasundaram as one of the
 "Outstanding People of the 20th Century", 

 An American organization has also selected him as the `Man of the
 Millennium.E2 The Union Government has acclaimed him as `The Best
 Librarian in IndiaE2. He has also been chosen as `one of the top t
en
 librarians of the worldE2. The International Biographical Centre, 
Cambridge,
 has honored him as `one of the noblest of the worldE2. Inspired by
 his
 work, Tamizh superstar Shri Rajanikanth & his wife Latha Rajanikanth 
adopted
 him as father.


 Few testimonials:

 Dr. Manmohan Singh(30.01.1996 E2 Prime Minister of India)

 "Mr. Kalyanasundaram is a role model to the entire student community who
 want to achieve some milestone to their career."


 Nelson Mandala (10.05.1994 E2 Former Prime Minister of South Afri
ca)

 "The Progress of a country depends upon the children and the students of
 the country. Indeed it is very great Mr. Kalyanasundaram has been doing
 yeoman services to this section of society for past 50 years and without
 any publicity"


 Read more about P. Kalyanasundaram E2 His trust site:
 


 About S G Suryah:

 S G Suryah has authored English biography of Shri P. Kalayanasundaram
 titled "Man of the Millennium". This book was released on 31st July
 2016. S G Suryah is a law graduate from, ILS Law College, Pune. He is
 founder of 'Sixth Sense Foundation.' He is Coconvener of Sansad Ratna
 Awards.


 PFA: Event Poster

 We are looking for your esteemed presence in the event.


 Thank you.

 Sincerely,

 Team Vande Mataram






