From:
iitmssiva@gmail.com

To:
Students@list.iitm.ac.in

Date:
3-8-2016

Thread ID:
1564e8bc8bfc89bd

Subject:
Mitr Coordinator positions 2016-17 open

Body:
Hi all,

Greetings from Mitr!
And a warm welcome to the new academic year!!

Mitr has been in existence for the past five years aiming to help in
building a congenial ecosystem in academic and nonacademic spheres for all
the students of IITM.

You may be aware of the recent revamping done in the structural arrangement
of Mitr, separating it into two functional bodies, Saathi and Mitr, the
former being a SACapproved body, acts as proactive front and caters to all
the events related to the well being of the students. Mitr, by retaining
its status as an institute body refurnished into a reactive body, whose
objective is to provide emotional support to the students in times of thier
need. It assures to be a complete confidential and one to one basis support
system.

Almost half of the team (2 Cores and 9 Coordinators) has been selected, and
we are looking for right candidates to fill the rest. The applications for
the post of Mitr Coordinator 201617 are now open. All 2nd year and above
undergraduate and postgraduate students are eligible to apply for the same.

Selected candidates from the application will be called for an interview in
the following week. The interview panelist will include the present Core
team, Mitr Faculty Advisors, and Medall counsellors. The applicants will
also be asked to go through a series of tests which will aid us to assess
the suitability of the applicant.

Once you are selected into the team, you will be given proper training by
the professional counsellors throughout the year.

YOU CAN SUBMIT YOUR APPLICATION THROUGH THE FORM LINK
 : 
The deadline for the same is before the midnight of August 8, 2016. In case
of any queries, please drop a mail at applytomitr@gmail.com

NOTE: The application has to be submitted through the form alone. PDF/word
copies sent by mail will not be considered!

Thanks and regards,
Mitr Team 201617



 
Thanks & regards,
Syed Ashruf || AE13D030,
Doctoral Student, Computational Combustion Lab,
Department of Aerospace Engineering,
IIT Madras || +919791095572



