From:
"Secretary (Research Affairs) sec_resaf" <sec_resaf@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
students@smail.iitm.ac.in

Date:
31-7-2016

Thread ID:
156469639e76790c

Subject:
General Stipend (HTRA Fellowship) Issues and Guidelines to follow.

Body:
This mail is only for MS and PhD Scholars. Others can kindly ignore.

Dear Scholars,

Research Scholars are expected to update their worklog on or before 21st of
every month. Newly joined Research Scholars should also update their
worklog with non zero hours as it also indicates your presence in the
campus.

From now on, Mr. Akhil Krishnan M (Research Councillor, Mech Dept.) will
handle the stipend issues. You can write to him at akhilkrishnanm92@gmail.com
<akhilkrishnanm92@gmail.com (and CC to me) if you have any specific issue
that does not fall under below categories.

There are mainly four types of issues with regard to Stipend (HTRA
Fellowship). Please follow below guidelines.

1. Receiving zero amount:

Reasons: a. Scholar did not update wolklog.
                b. TA supervisor/Guide might have rejected your
fellowship. 

Guidelines: In both cases, scholars have to write a letter to Deputy
Registrar Research though guide and HoD approving the TA work done in
that month. In vacation period, Guides are expected to assign TA duty to
their students.

2. Receiving partial amount:

Reason: Delay in Auto renewal of fellowship should which has to be done
for two years by admin staff.

Guidelines: No letter is required. Generally, the remaining amount will
be deposited along with the next month stipend or after semester
enrollment. (Although it is optional, you can visit accounts section (Admin
building, 1st floor) and inquire.)

3. HRA not received:

Reason: No generalized reason. It depends on case to case.

Guidelines: Visit accounts section (Admin building, 1st floor) and get it
clarified.

4. Receiving zero amount even after updating worklog and no faculty
rejection:

Reason: It might be worklog database issue.

Guidelines: Visit accounts section (Admin building, 1st floor) and ask
for a proof that you have not filled worklog or proof for rejection by TA
supervisor. Write a complaint to me attaching those proofs.


 

Thanks and regards,

Srikanth Kotra
Research Affairs Secretary
PhD Scholar | Dept. of Electrical Engineering
Indian Institute of Technology Madras
(M) +91 94440 05772 | (P) +91 8056254956



