From:
Dean Academic Courses <deanac@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"students@list.iitm.ac.in" <students@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
31-7-2016

Thread ID:
15641e4d6aab3f53

Subject:
Fw: Launch of OP Jindal Engineering & Management Scholarships
 (OPJEMS) for the year 2016

Body:
b'          Dean Academic Courses IIT Madras, Chennai 600036, India.  The information in the mail is meant only for the earmarked recipients and should not be shared or made public without permission       From:  OPJEMS . <opjems@jindalsteel.com  Sent:  Saturday, July 30, 2016 4:49 PM  To:  Director  Cc:  drcouracs@iitm.ac.in; Dean Academic Courses; Academic Section Courses  Subject:  Launch of OP Jindal Engineering & Management Scholarships (OPJEMS) for the year 2016       Dear Prof. Ramamurthi,    We are delighted to launch the OP Jindal Engineering & Management Scholarships (OPJEMS)  for the year 2016 on August 7, 2016.    As you may be aware, the OP Jindal Engineering and Management Scholarship (OPJEMS) is an endeavor to promote excellence and the values of Shri O.P Jindal who stood for perseverance, humility, entrepreneurship and character. Shri O. P. Jindal was one of those few people who not only envisioned success for himself, but also for those who shared his vision and had the faith to see his dreams transform into IndiaE2s shining example of corporate excellence.   OPJEMS aims to identify and recognize meritorious Graduate/ Post Graduate students who emulate Shri O.P JindalE2s vision/values and have the potential to become leaders in entrepreneurial and innovation excellence.  We believe that your institute provides platforms that nurture and channelize ambition towards value enhancement  at both the individual and national level.   We are looking forward to your participation and support towards the OPJEMS program for 2016.  The program would identify around 100 deserving students from 40 prestigious institutes across the country and award scholarships to the value of:  Engineering  INR 80,000 per student Management E2 INR1, 50,000 per student  We have partnered with People Metrics Pvt. Ltd, a leading assessment consulting firm, to help us execute the OPJEMS 2016 program with ease and efficiency. Representatives of People Metrics Pvt. Ltd. will be in touch with you on our behalf. You will hear from them shortly withdetails of the program and selection/nomination process.  The proposed dates for OPJEMS 2016 are:      Launch of OPJEMS 2016 at Institutes ( Shri OP JindalE2s Birthday )    August 7, 2016   Last Date for Registration    August 29, 2016      Shortlist of students by the Institutes based on eligibility criteria span    August 31, 2016      Online tests at campus    September 8, 2016      Announcement of shortlisted students for interview    September 15, 2016      Interview Dates    Sep 28E2Sep 30, 2016      Announcement of Result    October 15, 2016      I look forward to your participation.  Kindly send your confirmation by email this week.  Warm Regards,   Rajeev Bhadauria Director GroupHR, Jindal Steel & Power Limited (On behalf of OPJEMS & Jindal Group companies)  DISCLAIMER: The information contained in this electronic communication is intended solely for the individual(s) or entity to which it is addressed. It may contain proprietary, confidential and/or legally privileged information. Any review, retransmission, dissemination, printing, copying or other use of, or taking any action in reliance on the contents of this information by person(s) or entities other than the intended recipient is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us by responding to this email or telephone and immediately and permanently delete all copies of this message and any attachments from your system(s). The contents of this message do not necessarily represent the views or policies of our company. Computer viruses can be transmitted via email. Our Group IT attempts to sweep emails and attachments for viruses, it does not guarantee that either are virus free. The recipient should check this email and any attachments for the presence of viruses. Jindal Steel & Power Ltd and associated business entities does not accept any liability for any damage sustained as a result of viruses.'

