From:
"Secretary (Research Affairs) sec_resaf" <sec_resaf@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
students@smail.iitm.ac.in

Date:
26-7-2016

Thread ID:
156281f84807af83

Subject:
Fwd: Brainstorm to Build Domain-Specific Startups An IITM Impact
 Workshop Series -- First Edition on Medical Devices -- August 13

Body:
This mail is intended only for MS & PhD Scholars and others can kindly
ignore. 

Dear Scholars,

Here is an opportunity to participate in a series of workshops intended for
aspiring entrepreneurs to gain skills into specific domain areas. Please go
through following mail. Interested scholars can fill this form
 on or before 2 PM 28th July,
2016.

DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
DDDDDDDDDDD
Dear Friends,

 We are happy to inform you that IITM along with its entrepreneurial
ecosystem partners aims to host a series of workshops to help aspiring
founders improve on their ideas and gain entrepreneurial insights into
specific domain areas.



This  series E2 Brainstorm to Build DomainSpecific Startups: An II
TM
Impact Workshop Series E2 will,

C2B7         Arm one with knowledge regarding domainspecific innovative
technologies & business knowhow

C2B7         Help to jumpstart your idea in the domain by identifying new
opportunities, new markets and new challenges



The first edition of this workshop will be on Medical Devices on August
13, 2016 (Saturday) from 9:30 am to 1:00 pm, followed by lunch. Venue will
be Hall # 1 and #2, Ground Floor, IITM Research Park.  



Given your interest in Innovation & Entrepreneurship efforts on campus,
we believe you will bring tremendous value add to the proceedings and
therefore sincerely request you to be a part of this brainstorming
workshop.



This workshop is aimed at understanding the medtech landscape in the
country from an entrepreneurship perspective. The talks and deliberations
will dwell on the following questions with the goal of developing an
understanding of the entrepreneurial opportunities and directions in this
field.

C2B7         How does the medtech market work? What are the barriers, ga
ps
and bottlenecks for existing industry?

C2B7         What are the examples of needs and opportunities in differen
t
product categories and market segments?

C2B7         What would be the unit economics of R&D, manufacturing,
marketing, sales and service (from medtech industry perspective) and cost
of ownership, revenues and maintenance (from customer perspective)?

C2B7         What are the areas ripe for entrepreneurship? What are the
barriers, gaps and bottlenecks for startups?



To provide insights into the domain, we have talks by Dr. G.S.Bhuvaneshwar
(Distinguished Alumnus Awardee of IITM with experience of 4 decades in
medical devices development and testing) and Mr. Vikram Damodaran (Chief
Innovation Office, GE Healthcare). The entrepreneurial perspectives will be
provided by two young companies  Forus Health and Perfint Healthcare.
This will be followed by an intensive brainstorming session that will
involve members of industry, faculty, students, research scholars, alumni
and startups. Detailed agenda will be sent closer to the event.



We request you to kindly mark the date in your calendar E2 please R
SVP by
July 28, 2016 if your schedule will permit to attend the same. We look
forward to a positive response.



If you have any questions, please write to jaya@rtbi.in



With Regards,

Jaya
DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
DDDD





Thanks and regards,

Srikanth Kotra
Research Affairs Secretary
PhD Scholar | Dept. of Electrical Engineering
Indian Institute of Technology Madras
(M) +91 94440 05772 | (P) +91 8056254956





Sent with MailTrack
<&langDen&referralDsec_r
esaf@smail.iitm.ac.in&idSignatureD22



