From:
deanicsr <deanicsr@iitm.ac.in>

To:
announce@list.iitm.ac.in, faculty@list.iitm.ac.in, 
 students@smail.iitm.ac.in, sec_resaf@smail.iitm.ac.in, 
 sec_acaf@smail.iitm.ac.in, Registrar <registrar@iitm.ac.in>

Date:
19-7-2016

Thread ID:
1560281419a2370b

Subject:
IITM E-Newsletter June'16

Body:
Dear All,

Please find below the IITM ENewsletter for the month June'16.

Thanks and Regards,
Media Cell

IIT Madras has been ranked among the top 50 Institutions in the QS
University Rankings E2 Asia 2016

Sriram, Dean talks about IIT Madras featuring in the top50 Asia
University Rankings 

IITMadras comes up with a game changer technology in electricity
A quiet revolution in electrification is unfolding at Phalodi, a small
city in Rajasthan. A bunch of energetic engineers from IITMadras
have been lighting up homes using DC or Direct Current. The omnipresent
electrification standard in India is by using AC or Alternating Current.
A revolutionary new approach to supply electricity is being perfected
amid the sand dunes of Jodhpur district.

"This is not really a new invention but the world had abandoned using DC
power to electrify homes," says Prof. BhaskarRamamurthi, Director of
IIT, Madras. Today, the outofthe box thinkers from IIT Madras are
reviving DC power as a potential solution to India's electricity woes.

The system is fairly straight forward but with key twist in the tail.
Houses that have no electric supply are provided with a simple one
square meter solar panel. The electricity generated by the panel is
stored in four regular lead acid batteries and the electrical appliances
instead of running on AC power run on DC power.

In most solar power solutions or in battery backed up systems
'inverters' have to be deployed that convert DC power to AC power so
that regular electrical appliances can be run.

In Phalodi, this off grid power solution is totally run on DC power.
This makes the whole system between 2530 per cent more efficient and
brings down power consumption by almost 50 per cent.

The slow and steady rise of Indian science and its positive impact on
the economy.
In recent times, say some policymakers, increased research investments
in certain sectors are also creating significant economic value through
startups. Nanoscience and technology provides one of the best examples.
The government began the Nano mission more than a decade ago, and has
invested more than Rs 1000 crore cumulatively. It is making its impact
on the economy too. A nanosicence student, S Anshup of IIT Madras,
founded a clean water startup along with his professor T Pradeep. This
startup, Innonano, attracted $18 million from NanoHoldings, a firm that
invests in material sciencebased energy and water companies in
universities. "Translation potential is large in nanotech," says
Pradeep. "Investments can be small, the reach large and time scale short."

A documentary on the arsenic water purifiers developed at IIT Madras
This documentary is the latest in the series shot for the Thematic Unit
of Excellence on Water Technologies, headed by Prof. T. Pradeep, Dept.
of Chemistry, #IITMadras.

Safe Water  Documentary  Suresh Menon


IITMadras along with the University of Nebraska is working on a smart
Capsule!
Researchers from IITMadras and the University of Nebraska, Lincoln (UNL)
are working on an ingestible capsule that will stay put in the body 
potentially for close to a week  with sensors that will take readings
of an individual's calorie intake, eventually helping in diagnosis of
diseases such as cancer and allow for sustained delivery of drugs.

Dr.Benjamin Terry, Assistant Professor, Department of Mechanical and
Materials Engineering, UNL, Lincoln, USA delivered a talk on 8^th June
2016 on campus about a novel method and therapeutic device for Hypoxia
and Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome. Prof. B.V.S.S.S. Prasad and
Prof. P.V. Manivannan from the Mechanical Engineering Department hosted
the event and spoke on developing the microcapsule in close
collaboration with UNL.

"The capsule, made of biocompatible materials, works like a parasite by
latching on to the intestinal wall," said Dr.Terry, whose team is
collaborating with IITMadras to take the device to the next step  to
measure calorie intake. On the other hand, Prof.Manivannan's team is
working on creating the system and controls for the capsule.

IIT Madras students are looking upward! #SpaceExploration
In an ambitious move, a few enterprising students of IIT Madras, who had
handson experience in designing and developing indigenous
Nanosatellite, which is in the final stage of integration and
validation, are mulling the idea of floating a startup for space
exploratory missions. The students have stayed back after graduation and
invested several years, rejecting lucrative job offers to make
IITMadras Student Satellite project a reality. IITMSAT has on board
Spacebased Proton and Electron Energy Detector, a payload that measures
the count rates of highenergy protons and electrons in the
upperionosphere to aid earthquake prediction. Now, these students are
sensing a market opportunity to begin a startup having gained
considerable understanding of what it takes to make a satellite.



Recognitions and grants

IITMadras alumni Suresh Dhaniyala has received a FulbrightNehru grant
to study air quality and related health effects in India. His research
will focus on understanding the contribution of very small airborne
particles  with diameters less than 100 nanometers  to local air
quality in India and their associated health effects.

Sixteen Indian universities have made it to the top 200 institutions in
Asia in the rankings released by Times Higher Education this year. Eight
IITs made it to the top 100 list with IITBombay placed at 43^rd .
IITKharagpur at 51^st , IITDelhi at 60^th , IITMadras at 62^nd ,
IITRoorkee at 65^th  and IITGuwahati  at 80^th .Infact, IIT Madras moved
up by 16 positions this year. About 22 countries participated in the
ranking system this year, up from 14 last year.

IIT Madras was also named by Reader's Digest India as "Most Trusted
Brand 2016" in "Engineering & Medical Colleges" category and was
conferred E2Gold AwardE2 by the magazine.

In the news

Biotech students design model to desalinate ROreject water
<
ntsdesignmodeltodesalinaterorejectwater.html

Solving for India: Five startups tackling social problems
<
rtupstacklingsocialproblems/43653/1

From the lab: Fuelling the future
<
thefuture2890584/

CSR in a corporate can rally for better research in academic institutions
<
rbetterresearchinacademicinstitutions/43563/1#ixzz4CHGzxHOi









<+iitmadras/posts



<&hl
Den
<




Subscribe/Unsubscribe 






