From:
Mayuri Dilip J hs14d013 <hs14d013@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
STUDENT mailing list <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
1-11-2016

Thread ID:
15827dfd3d6d1de1

Subject:
Re: Fwd: Invite for book release at IIT Madras; titled 'Languished
 Hopes: Tuberculosis, the State and the International Assistance in
 Twentieth-century India.'

Body:
Gentle reminder.
On Oct 26, 2016 1:48 PM, "Mayuri Dilip J hs14d013" <
hs14d013@smail.iitm.ac.in wrote:

 Dear friends,

 Please find the details below.

 Sincerely,
 Mayuri
 

 Dear scholars,

 You are cordially invited to a bookrelease by Prof Niels Brimmes of the
 Aarhus University, Denmark titled Languished Hopes: Tuberculosis, the Sta
te
 and the International Assistance in Twentiethcentury India. Prof John
 Bosco Lourdusamy shall critically review the book immediately afterwards.

 Date: 02 November 2016
 Time: 4 pm
 Venue: Hall 3, IC&SR, IIT Madras

 Prof Niels Brimmes is based out of the Department of Culture and Society,
 University of Aarhus, Denmark and works on the fields of Political and
 Social History, Empire and Colonies, History of Medicine and Globalisatio
n
 with a special thrust upon India. His book forms part of a series of work
s
 on new perspectives in South Asian history and is expected to break new
 ground.

 Warmly,
 Samik
 
 
 
 About the Book

 Tuberculosis in India is one of the most frightening challenges to public
 health today. Recent WHO figures state that in 2013, India had 2.6 millio
n
 cases of tuberculosis, of which 80 per cent were new, and the disease
 claimed nearly 300,000 lives. This means that almost a fifth of the world
E2s
 tuberculosis related deaths occurs in India.

 Languished Hopes: Tuberculosis, the State and International Assistance in
 Twentiethcentury India narrates and analyses the history of tuberculosis
 in India in the twentieth century: how the disease was E2discovere
dE2, how it
 has been understood, and how national and international agencies have
 struggled to bring it under control.

 The author begins in the early decades of the century, when colonial
 authorities realised that tuberculosis might be a severe health threat, a
nd
 traces debates and initiatives from late colonialism through independence
 into postcolonial India. His focus is on the first two decades after
 independence, when tuberculosis control received unprecedented attention
 and underwent fundamental transformations.

 In this period the worldE2s largest vaccination campaign was rolle
d out in
 India, and new antibiotic drugs were distributed to infected Indians
 through the ambitious National Tuberculosis Programme. The analysis ends
 with the early 1990s, when Indian authorities realised that 80 years of
 control efforts had achieved little, and prepared to revamp the official
 control programme. The final section presents more promising results from
 the past twenty years.

 Through his analysis of tuberculosis control measures in India, the autho
r
 proffers a simple message: where there is massive poverty, there will be
 severe tuberculosis. Vaccines and drugs cannot do the job alone.

 The book will be of interest to students and scholars of history, medical
 sociology, and to health practitioners.

 
 
 

 
   Inizio messaggio inoltrato:

 
 
 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
 "hssrsgiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
 email to hssrsgiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 To post to this group, send email to hssrsgiitm@googlegroups.com.
 To view this discussion on the web visit 
 msgid/hssrsgiitm/7D6AF8D337BD410CACFCC93BE4625AD4%40gmail.com.
 For more options, visit 
 
  

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
 "hssrsgiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
 email to hssrsgiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 To post to this group, send email to hssrsgiitm@googlegroups.com.
 To view this discussion on the web visit 
 msgid/hssrsgiitm/7D6AF8D337BD410CACFCC93BE4625AD4%40gmail.com.
 For more options, visit 




