From:
"Secretary(Hostel Affairs)" <sec_hosaf@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
STUDENT mailing list <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
16-7-2016

Thread ID:
155f36f12eca39e8

Subject:
Mess Catering Tender 2016-17

Body:
Dear all,

The Catering Tender for Mess happened in the months of May and June. I am
writing this mail to brief you about the Tendering Process that happened
and the changes in mess this year.

As many of you might be aware, our mess tender is a menu driven process.
The Menu for Tender was finalised by me and MMCC Members based on the
students' feedback took online in the month of April and the tender was
started in 2nd week of May. The Tendering Committee was constituted with
Dean(Students), MMCC Chairman, CCW, Administrative Officer, Hostel Wardens,
HAS and SGS. 15 prospective bidders applied for the tender out of which 6
were new and 9 were existing caterers. Technical evaluation was done on all
the 15 caterers based on which we eliminated 4 caterers. 11 caterers
qualified for financial bid and 9 caterers were selected for running the
messes next year.

The daily mess rate remains as Rs.92 for next academic year as well. The
caterers and kind of mess they will be running are as follows:

1)Sakthi's Kitchen Private LimitedSI Mess, Himalaya

2)Shree Raja Rajeshwari Catering Private LimitedSI Mess, Himalaya

3)Sri Guru Raghavendra Food Private LimitedSI Mess, Himalaya

4)Marvel Hospitality Service Private LimitedNI Mess, Himalaya

5)First Man Management ServicesFood Court, Himalaya

6)A Diet Express Hospitality Service LimitedNI Mess/Food Court/NI
Mess+Food Court, Himalaya (based on the registrations)

7)Vasan Tiffin HomeSI Mess, Vindhya

8)Neelkesh Caterer Private LimitedNI Mess/Food Court/NI Mess+Food Court,
Vindhya (based on the registrations)

9)Zenith Food Solutions Private LimitedPure Vegetarian+Jain Mess, Mandakini

I would like to thank Dean(Students), MMCC Chairman, CCW, Wardens, SGS and
MMCC Members(Parani Kumar, Tarun Kateja, Shehna Basheer, Vinod Kumar)  for
their effort and playing an instrumental role in getting this done.
 
Regards,
Kishore K S
Hostel Affairs Secretary, IIT Madras
III year B.Tech || Department of Civil Engineering
#3010, Saraswathi Hostel
(O) +91 9444005783 || (M) +919444243698



