From:
iitmcse14@googlegroups.com

To:
iitmcse14@googlegroups.com

Date:
16-7-2016

Thread ID:
155f2cac64429a06

Subject:
Fwd: Department Handbook

Body:
 Forwarded message 
From: "Bhuvan Agrawal" <bhuvan002@gmail.com
Date: Jul 16, 2016 1:40 PM
Subject: Department Handbook
To: "G V cs14b056 Vishwanath" <cs14b056@smail.iitm.ac.in
Cc:

We are creating a department handbook which will present a timeline for the
students  which describes various things that they have to do through each
semester.
Here is an example for the same for 1st year M.Techs
Week 1 : Registration of the courses. The curriculum of the M.Tech
program dictates that the student shouldregister for five courses
including a lab course. There are two kinds of choices involved.
Choosing the "softcore" : You have a choice between the CS6030 Logic and
Combinatorics for Computer Science and CS6015 Linear Algebra and Random
Processes. Meet the instructors of these courses to know more details
about the course contents (or visit the course website). These courses will
not be scheduled in the same slot and hence it will be possible to attend
both of them. Attending first classes of these courses will give you an
idea about their contents, philosophy and possible future applicability.
You need to do two electives. These electives have to be done within the
department itself. Each stream might have identified some basic courses to
be done in order to get advanced training. Talk to faculty members working
in the areas that you are interested in, or to your faculty adviser, in
order to get more ideas about what each choice could lead to. Note that you
can also do both CS6030 and CS6015, in which case one of them (again, you
choose which one) will be counted as your elective. Notice that both of
them are 12 credit courses and so are all elective courses in the
department.
Week 2 : Many activities this week :
Deadline for adding of courses. You have to add the course on workflow, get
it approved (in workflow) by the course faculty. After that the course gets
approved by the faculty adviser. Note that if the approval gets stuck
anywhere in this pipeline your name will not be appearing the roll list of
the course in workflow and there will be problems in the course grading
later.
1st Class committee week. So in case you have issues that you would like to
bring to the attention of the class committee, please contact the class
committee representative of your batch. He or she will be given a chance to
represent the issue raised by students from your batch.

Can all of us (2014 BTech and DD) write up the choices that we had to make,
through the last year in this format? Note that it is not about the choices
that one has to write, but the fact that the choice is expected to be made
at a point. Please be as detailed as possible. This will be edited by the
faculty further.

Thanks in advance for this service to the dept.

Link to the Google doc below:



 
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "CS14" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to iitmcse14+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
To post to this group, send email to iitmcse14@googlegroups.com.
To view this discussion on the web visit %2Bj0VNO_cHeSUZ%2B5_w%40mail.gmail.com.
For more options, visit 


