From:
seminars-bounces@list.iitm.ac.in

To:
"seminars@list.iitm.ac.in" <seminars@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
15-7-2016

Thread ID:
155ee418ca4d5284

Subject:
[Seminars] Seminar announcement -Reg

Body:
b'      Dear sir     Please announce this seminar information to all the faculties     Thanks&Regards   Dr.N.Arunachalam  Assistant Professor&nb;sp;  Manufacturing Engineering Section  Department of Mechanical Engineering  Indian Institute of Technology Madras, Chennai  Email:chalam@iitm.ac.in  Office No:+91442  Mobile:+919444168  "Take Risks in your life" If you win, you can lead! If you loose, you can guide! Swami Vivekananda E2B       Dear Faculty Colleagues    A Seminar presentation on "  Failure studies on titanium screws on the cervical vertebrae after spine surgery"      Date: 18 July 2016, Monday    Time: 10:30 11:30am (Tea and discussions after theseminar)    Venue:  MESSeminarHall, Rangnathan building, Manufacturing Engineering Section, Department of Mechanical Engineering.     About the speaker:  Professor V.C. Venkatesh, DSc, PhD  Fellow ASME, SME, CIRP  Department of Mechanical Engineering  University of NevadaLas Vegas  Las Vegas, 891544027, USA      He obtained his BS degree in Mechanical Engineering and completing two years industrial experience in a leading Electronics industry in Bangalore, he was awarded a 4 year French Government Scholarship to do his MS and PhD in France. He did his Masters at ISMCM, St. Ouen, Paris and his PhD at the Sorbonne (Paris). 20 years later the University of Pierre and Marie Curie, Paris conferred on him the degree of Doctor of Science for his thesis on Wear of Cutting Tools. Throughout the career he has carried out research in manufacturing areas, in particular metal cutting, manufacturing processes and precision engineering. He has supervised 23 PhDs, 16 of them at IIT Madras, 2 at TTU, and 5 at UTM. He has published over 200 papers with about 100 in journals. He is a Fellow of the prestigious Academy for Production Engineering CIRP which has its headquarters in Paris France. He is a Fellow of SME (Society of Manufacturing Engineers, USA) and of ASME.He is also the Founder Editor in Chief of IJPTech (International Journal of Precision Technology, Inderscience Publishers, UK). His American experience started from February 1988 to August 1993 when he worked as a Professor of Industrial Engineering in the Center for Manufacturing Research, at Tennessee Technological University, Cookeville TN. At present he is working as research professor Department of Mechanical Engineering, University of NevadaLas Vegas, Las Vegas, 891544027, USA.      Abstract:     There are 206 bones in the human body of which 26 are in the spine. The neck has 7 cervical vertebrae; the top two are the Atlas and the Axis which support the brain. The remaining five C3 to C7 that support the head are subject to injury or to decay due to OA (orthopedic arthritis) or RA (rheumatoid arthritis). Injury to these vertebrae is also due to auto collisions which cause whiplash often partially separating one to five of them.  Spinal injury is caused by one of three types of severe force longitudinal compression, hinging, and shearing. Longitudinal compression, usually due to a fall from a height, crushes the vertebrae (segments of the spine) lengthwise against each other. Hinging (in this presentation), which can occur in a whiplash injured in automobile industry, subjects the column to sudden extreme bending movements. Shearing, which may occur when a person is knocked over by a motor vehicle, for example, combines both hinging and rotational (twisting) forces .  Because of the spinal cord it is not possible to separate injured vertebrae and introduce a ligament as can be done with the hip, knee, and shoulder joints. In the US a titanium plate (Ti64 ELI) is held on the vertebrae and screwed on to the neck, for example with a two vertebrae injury the plate will have six holes and six screws. The screws used are the state of the art in design having to function as a fastener, as a tap to cut threads, and also to drill pilot hole into the soft bone. The US material is also a state of the art with the introduction of ELI (extra low interstitial) variants like oxygen and iron into Ti64 which elevates fracture toughness and also combats toxicity levels in the human body. Failure is of the order of 1% and severe penalties are imposed for these injuries; it thus becomes a litigation research. Typical American goals are zero tolerance for failure where human life is involved. With the increase in vehicular traffic worldwide this type of injury will only increase. The cause for failure of the screws is mainly fatigue which is inevitable as the head moves in various directions continuously. The body fluid despite ELI also promotes failure once the fatigue crack propagates. The cracks are typical shell clam type of large radii and occur in multiple planes. Research in this area in India is essential due to its enormous growth in vehicular production and in import. UNLV through its two arms Global Alliance and Industrial Consultancy can help IIT Madras in this direction by submitting a research proposal to the Department of Science & Technology, New Delhi.      ALL ARE WELCOME        with regards    Prof.L.Vijayaraghavan Professor Manufacturing Engineering Section Department of Mechanical Engineering INDIAN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY, MADRAS Chennai E2 600 036  Tel: 44  2257 E2 4687 (O)            '

