From:
ADVAITSHANKAR J POTTY mm14b004 <mm14b004@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
"E-Cell, IIT Madras" <head_c-tides@wmail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
14-7-2016

Thread ID:
155ea53e52c22bc9

Subject:
Re: Fwd: internship applications

Body:
Hi All,

Greetings from Team Foray!

Hope you have enjoyed your holidays! Do send us your applications if you
are interested.

Small correction:
Deadline for application : July 24

Warm regards,
Team Foray!
On Jul 14, 2016 22:23, "ECell, IIT Madras" <head_ctides@wmail.iitm.ac.in
wrote:

 Hi all,

 This is Arjun Rakesh from Foray! We are currently in our pilot stage and
 is looking for interns to help us out with our rapid expansion. Kindly send
 the following mail attached in body herewith, through the smail. Thanks in
 advance!

                                                        Greetings
 from Foray!

 ABOUT US:

 We are an IIT Madras startup, offering services in the Virtual Food &
 Restaurant Industry. Our mission is to revolutionize the way in which the
 industry works currently, by making our services available in the form of a
 Mobile App. Our product/pilot called sQippr will begin operations in
 Quark in a couple of days. Our business plan requires rapid expansion in
 the coming semester and we require a highly skilled and dedicated team to
 help us with the same.

 POSITIONS:

 We are inviting internship applications for the following posts with us:

 Marketing and sales executives(applicable for 2nd years and 3rd years)
 : We would require you to initiate+maintain relations with high profile
 clients. This job profile would require good communication skills and
 commitment. A stipend system will  be arranged for after a one month trial
 run whereby executives would earn a fixed stipend + cuts of profit acquired
 from each client. As such you will be paid in accordance to your
 efficiency.

 Social media strategists(2nd years): Will be responsible for social
 media marketing and will be working with a highly skilled graphic design
 team lead by one of the cofounders. A stipend will be given after a
 onemonth trial period.

 Please note that anyone with an entrepreneurial drive can apply for the
 above mentioned posts, irrespective of their stream of engineering, given
 that the skill set does suit them.This is a great opportunity for those
 who love creativity and creation!

 DURATION: 12 months

 WHY SHOULD YOU APPLY?

 1) An opportunity to work closely with the founders and understand the
 intricacies of starting a    company.

 2)Chances for further engagement based on your performance

 3)Certificate of Internship shall be awarded

 4)After a one month trial period, a stipend will be considered.(position
 dependent).

 5)Letter of recommendation to deserving candidates.

 LAST DATE OF APPLICATION: 24 May 2016

 HOW TO APPLY?

 PFA the internship application. Fill it out carefully detailing your
 skillset and your commitment.

 Send us your applications in PDF format to contactus@sqippr.com
 <forayteam@gmail.com

 In case of any clarifications, feel free to drop us a mail in the same ID.
 
 Warm Regards,
 Team Foray!

 Find us at:
 www.facebook.com/sqippr/






