From:
Dean Academic Courses <deanac@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"students@list.iitm.ac.in" <students@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
14-7-2016

Thread ID:
155e81fa5681c5f3

Subject:
Fw: Your Support in Finding More Leaders |Teach For India

Body:
b'          Dean Academic Courses IIT Madras, Chennai 600036, India.  The information in the mail is meant only for the earmarked recipients and should not be shared or made public without permission       From:  Shaheen Mistri <shaheen@teachforindia.org  Sent:  Thursday, July 14, 2016 11:41 AM  To:  Dean Academic Courses  Cc:  sandeep@teachforindia.org; Dhwani Thakkar  Subject:  Your Support in Finding More Leaders |Teach For India                Dear Mr. Ramamurthy,    I hope this email finds you doing well and having a great week.    At Teach For India, we\'re launching our eighth year of the Fellowship this month. In 2016, our 1250 Fellows will be serving close to 45,000 lowincome children across India, while our 1500 Alums are serving thousands more in leadership positions throughout the educational system. And, literally, just a few weeks ago, our newest batch of 650 Fellows  having been selected from close to 15,000 applications  walked into our doors for the very first time, ready to teach in classrooms across the country.     I\'m writing today to announce and commemorate the launch of our 2017 Fellowship Recruitment Cycle . This week, we began the ambitious and challenging task of searching for and identifying our next cohort of more than 710 Fellows, who will join us next May to impact thousands of more children in the years to come.             We\'re cognizant that we can\'t find this next cohort of leaders without the help of our closest supporters, like yourself. We\'re also aware that finding our next cohort of leaders is possibly one of the most important things we can do.  Over the coming weeks and months, we\'re trying to do everything we can to raise awareness about Teach For India, the Fellowship, and our our fight for educational equity.    We\'re therefore writing to you with a few sincere requests:    Could you pass this mail on throughout your college, so that your students can learn more about our work, be inspired and potentially apply to our program? Would you be willing to spread the message through the college\'s social media platform? If you know of anyone else that might help us spread the message that would be enormously helpful.  Thank you so much for all of your help. We cannot tell you how much your support means to us. We feel confident that, with that support, we can bring in this next cohort of Fellows.    Warmly,    Shaheen                                    "Only those who truly love and are truly strong can sustain their lives as a dream. You dwell in your own enchantment. Life throws stones at you, but your love and your dream change those stones in to the flowers of discovery."  Ben Okri </font       ;           &nb;sp;           &nbsp;            </span  '

