From:
"Secretary, International and Alumni Relations" <sec_iar@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
sanand@iitm.ac.in

Date:
14-7-2016

Thread ID:
155e7af21b33b089

Subject:
Pay IIT Madras fee on Paytm

Body:
Dear all,

Greetings from the IIT Madras Associations team, International and Alumni
Relations.

We bring you an exciting offer before you start off the next semester,
under the "Affinity Program" for IITM community.

[image:
]




How to Pay Fee on Paytm.com?

    Go to paytm.com and on the home screen, select 'Education'.
    Under the 'Fee Payment' option tap 'Institute'.
    Select Indian Institute of Technology Madras.
    Enter your enrollment number & other required details and click
   'Proceed'.
    Login/Sign Up in order to avail the benefits of Promocode. Enter
   PAYFEE and 'Proceed to Pay'.
    Pick your payment option. 'Pay Now' with your Paytm Wallet or Debit
   Card/Credit card/Net Banking.
    You'll receive a payment confirmation from Paytm on your registered
   mobile number and email id.


Disclaimer :

This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and
intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to which they are
addressed. If you are not the intended recipient, you should not
disseminate, distribute or copy this email. Please notify the sender
immediately by email and destroy all copies of this message and any
attachments. Any views or opinions presented in this email are solely those
of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the company.

Warning: Although the company has taken reasonable precautions to ensure no
viruses are present in this email, the company cannot accept responsibility
for any loss or damage arising from the use of this email or attachments.

Regards,
Poojan Patel
Secretary, International and Alumni Relations, IIT Madras
4th Year Dual Degree | Dept. of Civil Engineering
Saraswathi Hostel, Indian Institute of Technology Madras
(M) 9884180125 | (O) 9444396170
E2BFeedback/suggestions for I&AR Team? Let us know <
CTpu!E2B



