From:
seminars-bounces@list.iitm.ac.in

To:
"seminars@list.iitm.ac.in" <seminars@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
13-7-2016

Thread ID:
155e74f6954f89ae

Subject:
[Seminars] Ph.D. seminar on "Plasmonic biosensors for clinical
 diagnosis" on 20/07 at 4 PM in Newton Hall

Body:
b'            Department of Applied Mechanics,    Ph.D. Seminar   Ph.D. Scholar: Mr. Bandaru Ramakrishna  Title&nbs;p; : Plasmonic Biosensors for Clinical Diagnosis   Date & Time  :   20th July, 2 (Wednesday) at 04:00PM   Venue&nb;sp; : Newton Hall ( nearAerospace Building )   Abstract:   Disease biomarkers, such as prostrate specific antigen (PSA) and cardiac troponin I (cTnI) for early diagnosis of prostrate cancer and myocardial infarction (heart attack) respectively, require detection sensitivities from femto (1015) down to atto (1018) molar concentrations. Optical fibers are promising substrates exploited for both labelfree and labelled biosensing applications due to their inherent advantages including high absorbance sensitivity and compactness. Our previous studies demonstrated a proofofconcept of cost effective and high sensitive evanescence wave absorbance (EWA) based fiber optic biosensor by exploiting plasmonic nanoparticles (AuNP) as labels on a Ubent optical probe. A sequential sandwich assay was demonstrated for detection of human immunoglobulin (HIgG) as a model, using 13nm immunogold (Goat antihuman IgG conjugated AuNP) particles. This assay was performed in 1 hour and 20 min and a sensitivity of 0.3 ng/ml (2 pM) was obtained.   In this context, our current study presents the latest results with 2 order further enhancement in sensitivity and faster assay time (20 min) by adopting 40 nm immunogold particles. The new strategy (spontaneous assay) gives rise to femtomolar (6.67fM or 1pg/ml) detection limit within an assay time of 20 mins. Subsequent immunogoldsilver staining (IGSS) process utilizing catalytic property of gold nanoparticles leads to a 1000fold enhancement in detection limit (LOD) within 5 min. The ability to  detect 1fg/mLor 100 molecules in a sampledemonstrates a huge potential for development of sensitive and rapid detection based pointofcare diagnosis with simple handheld instrumentation and reagent accessories.   All are Welcome   Dr. V.V. Raghavendra Sai   Research Supervisor        V. V. Raghavendra Sai, Ph.D.  Assistant Professor, Biomedical Engineering,  Department of Applied Mechanics,  IIT Madras, Chennai600 036, India.   Tel: +91 44 2257 4076  email: vvrsai@iitm.ac.in  </div  </div   &hlDen     </div     '

