From:
Dean Academic Courses <deanac@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"students@list.iitm.ac.in" <students@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
11-7-2016

Thread ID:
155e21a54c82d9d0

Subject:
Fw: AIM-Youth Innovation Challenge Invitation

Body:
b'        From:  Akanksha Sinha <asinha.mba2016@myapps.aim.edu  Sent:  Sunday, July 10, 2016 7:06 PM  To:  Dean Academic Courses  Cc:  ayic2016_spc@myapps.aim.edu  Subject:  AIMYouth Innovation Challenge Invitation       DearProf. Dr. Ramamurthy K ,    Greetings from the Philippines!    We are reaching out to you to let you know of the start of application process for the Asian Institute of Managements (AIM) very first Youth Innovation Challenge (YIC).  The Youth Innovation Challenge is a 3day business case competition for undergraduate students in different degree programs. The competition aims to nurture the entrepreneurial leadership spirit among young students and develop their potentials to be future Asian leaders. It will be held from October 28 to 30, 2016 at the AIM Campus here in the Philippines.   This competition will challenge the students to provide and think of concrete strategies for their next growth idea, market expansion or innovation ideas. Student teams will be competing with top schools from all over Asia to come up with the best and most concrete solution.   Students can benefit from the competition through: <span styleD"fontfamily:Symbol"C2B7  Working with experienced business professors and innovators <span styleD"fontfamily:Symbol"C2B7  Learning innovative ways of developing new business <span styleD"fontfamily:Symbol"C2B7  Gaining valuable business problem solving experience to build their competency C2B7  Winning scholarship  to AIMs new Masters in Innovation and Business (MIB) program and cash prizes. Please find the official invitation letter attached in this message. We look forward to your favorable response.  Yours faithfully, Akanksha Sinha The AIMYIC Team  Master in Business Administration \'16 Asian Institute of Management                   You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups &quot;students@smail.iitm.ac.in" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to students+unsubscribe@smail.iitm.ac.in . '

