From:
Abhinav Surya <me12b034@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
students@smail.iitm.ac.in

Date:
2-11-2016

Thread ID:
15827400d4bc02dc

Subject:
Re: Indian Economy: Labour and Reforms - Panel Discussion

Body:
Gentle Reminder

The event will be held TODAY at 5:30PM
Do attend.

Abhinav Surya
V Year Dual Degree,
Dept. of Mechanical Engineering,
IIT Madras
On 01Nov2016 6:14 pm, "Abhinav Surya" <me12b034@smail.iitm.ac.in wrote:

 ChintaBAR
 Invites all for
 A Discussion on
 Indian Economy: Labour and Reforms 


 Thursday, 3rd Nov 2016, 5.30 PM
 Venue: HSB334 (Near Humanities Department Office)

 Indian economy has undergone a  lot of changes after the rapid economic
 liberalization started in 1991. Combined with growing links with the world
 market, these reforms in the economy has given us far more choices in
 consumer products, services and more importantly in professions  something
 a generation before us could never see in their youth. The new Indian
 economy is celebrating its 25th anniversary this year. India @ 25 is one of
 the world's fastest growing economies and a business hub for newage
 industries. What impact have this 25 years of change made to our economy
 and its stakeholders? Do its benefits outweigh its losses? We bring a panel
 of economists, workers and trade unionists to discuss this transformation
 with the students of IITM.

 Speakers

 Dr. Binitha Thampi, Faculty, DoHSS, IITM (Chairperson)
      Mr. M. Anjani Kumar, Knowledge Professionals ForumTN

   Dr. Suresh Babu, Faculty, DoHSS, IITM

   Mr. S. Kannan, State Secretary, CITU





 ChintaBAR  is a collective of
 students who engage in discussions on socially, economically
  and politically relevant topics. We hope to open up a space for
 discussions and debates on conflicting ideas of the pre
 sent, with interesting and creative minds of the day. We aim
  at promoting activities which will complement the academic
 ethos of IIT Madras


 
 L T Abhinav Surya,
 ME12B034,
 Dept. of Mechanical Engineering,
 IIT Madras,


 PS: We have posted about this event on Flexboard app. Please do follow us
 on Flexboard.




