From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
"mmefaculty@list.iitm.ac.in" <mmefaculty@list.iitm.ac.in>,
	"seminars@list.iitm.ac.in" <seminars@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
4-7-2016

Thread ID:
155b690ca911e206

Subject:
[Seminars] Seminar announcement

Body:
b'           ;&n;bsp;;&n;bsp; Seminar Announcement     Title:  Friction Stir Processing of AZ31 Magnesium Alloy  Speaker :  Dr. Abhishek Tripathi Dept. of Materials Engineering Indian Institute of Science IISc, Bangalore  Venue: MSB 104   Date : 07.07.2016, Thursday  Time : 3 :00 PM  Tea : 2:45 PM    Abstract :  Magnesium alloys are known to be one of the lightest structural alloys and  hence they are of interest to the potential applications in aerospace and  automobile industry. However, widescale commercial usage of magnesium  alloys is limited given its low formability at room temperature.  Conventional processing techniques fail to alter the formability and  other mechanical   properties significantly. A severe plastic deformation processing technique  called friction stir processing (FSP) developed on the principles of  friction stir welding (FSW) is touted to significantly change the  microstructure, texture and hence the mechanical properties of magnesium  alloys. This talk is primarily based on investigating the mechanisms  of microstructure   and texture evolution during FSP of a commercial AZ31 magnesium alloy.  The  work   presented in the talk comprise of four parts, all under the broad  theme of investigating the microstructure and texture evolution in AZ31  alloy: (i) Microstructural origin of friction stir processed zone in a  magnesium alloy, (ii) Microstructural evolution and texture modelling during multipass friction  stir processing of a magnesium alloy, (iii) Friction stir processing under  different thermal history and its finite element modelling, and (iv) Study of grain structure evolution  during annealing of a twin roll cast AZ31 Mg alloy.    Regards Anand            Anand Krishna Kanjarla Assistant Professor Dept. of Metallurgical and Materials Engg. Indian Institute of Technology (IIT)  Madras Chennai  600 036  Phone : +914422574753   Email : kanjarla@iitm.ac.in  Office:  Mechanical Sciences Block (MSB) 205      '

