From:
"Secretary (Sports)" <sec_sprts@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
students@smail.iitm.ac.in

Date:
3-11-2016

Thread ID:
158267b94443cda9

Subject:
Cricket, Football, Chess Club, Sports & Wellness on Flexboard App

Body:
Dear all,

Flexboard app helps you keep track of sports and other physical wellness
happening in and around institute. It includes most of the sporting events
in the campus. Some of them are as follows:

1. Cricket and Football matches
2. Yoga, meditation and other workshops
3. Zumba and other physical fitness workshops
4. Adventure sports info, Trekking events and more
5. Marathons, Cycling, Self defense classes and more
6. Chess Club


Other Uses of the app:

1. One place to see all the events and activities taking place on a
particular day at IIT Madras
2. Users can filter out the activities based on their interest
3. Notifies the users every time an activity they like comes up
4. Helps everyone in promoting an event or activity without the hassle of
poster printing
5. Event coordinators can create an event or activity that would be
instantly viewed
6. Single platform to view and add information regarding events and
activities at IIT

7. See all seminars and lectures in institute

8. See all the clubs and groups and follow them to stay updated

9. Find information on different scholarships, exchange programs from
around the world
10. Get notifications on application deadlines
11. Add reminder of important events to your calendar



Check out what the users are saying here :

A brilliant substitute to smail Makes life a lot easier. Very useful app 
 Amlan Gourav


Awesome Idea!! An app much needed by the students of IITM. Wont have to
depend on smail anymore to know about stuff happening inside the campus.
Nice work!!
Navaneeth Krishnan


Information you like ,not spams Good app.see events only i like.need not
scroll over many to find nor i miss events i like.
Suja Kumari


Please Download the application from the play store, use it and give us
your honest feedback. We really feel the app can add value in your day to
day lives.

Download the app here 
Visit the website here 

Feel free to contact Vaisakh Suresh (7299984550) with your feedback.


Best regards,
Sethu Madhavan A
Institute Sports Secretary, IIT Madras
V year, Dual Degree | Department of Civil Engineering
Indian Institute of Technology Madras
(P) +91 9486360017 | (O) + 91 9444005774



