From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
"students@smail.iitm.ac.in" <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
28-6-2016

Thread ID:
1559ca437f226247

Subject:
Clarification on revision of Hostel fee advances reg.

Body:
b"         Dear students,       Thefollowing are the reasons for the marginal revision in the hostel fee advances from JulNov 2016 semester onward.     AdvancedDinning Charges:      The advanced dinning charges of Rs.12,000 was effected from 2013.As you may be aware that the present daily rate for mess is Rs. 92/ and (fo r vacation category students) in a semester on an average it works out to be 92 x 125 D Rs.11,500. In addition, the students are also debiting Saarang tickets, Saarang Tshirts, Film club cards; Hostel night dinner etc. that is about Rs. 2000.The catering tender for this year is not yet finalized. There may be amarginal increase in the mess daily rate. So, by taking that into account the advanced dining charges has been fixed at Rs.14,000.  Please remember this an advance payment and only the actual mess fees will be debited from this.        Establishment B:&nbs;p;      Establishment B fund is the contribution made by the residents of Hostels towards their various sports, cultural and social activities in the hostel as per the budget proposals of the hostel council. Purchase of items of common interest and general utility such as Washing machines, Water dispensers, TV, maintenance of lawn, Playgrounds, provision of Netlon, etc.       In the recent years, there has been efforts from our side to contain the budget within Rs.1000 per student per semester and the hostel secretaries have been asking for an increase. Of course, the budget varies from hostel to hostel depending on the students' strengthin the hostel and the requirements. So,  it has been decided to enhance the Establishment B to Rs.1500. However, only the actual budgeted amount by the hostel council will be transferred to the respective hostelsand the balance amount will remain in your account.           Admission + Solidwaste Managementand Refundable cautiondeposit (only one time):       Thesechargeswere fixed six years ago. By considering the escalation in other charges this has been increased.       Please note that the entire Caution deposit amount of Rs.3000 is refundable.     Regards    Prof. K. Sethupathi    CCW, IIT Madras        "

