From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
"seminars@list.iitm.ac.in" <seminars@list.iitm.ac.in>,
	"chfaculty@list.iitm.ac.in" <chfaculty@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
26-6-2016

Thread ID:
1559281d979c965a

Subject:
[Seminars] Seminar @ Chemical Engineering - 27 June 2016@11:00 AM

Body:
b'     Hi,     Please circulate the details of the following seminar at the department of chemical engineering.      Date and Time:     27June 2016  11:00 AM      Venue:    MSB 241, Department ofChemical Engineering, IIT Madras     Title of the talk:  Electrochemical Engineering at the Interface of Biology, Material Science and Nanotechnology   Speaker:  Dr. Ramaraja P. Ramasamy, Chair and Associate Professor  Biochemical and Biological Engineering  The University of Georgia    Abstract:  Societal grand challenges identified across the globe such as harvesting solar energy, advancing human health and wellness, minimizing carbon foot print, improving food safety and security, demand continuous improvements in the current technologies to push boundaries as well as require the development of completely new technologies. Addressing the above societal problems through nontraditional research approaches could open up new opportunities for the advancement of science and technology. This seminar will provide an overview of the research in the Nano Electrochemistry Laboratory at the University of Georgia in areas of solar energy conversion, energy storage, medical diagnostics, bioremediation, agricultural and food safety technologies using nontraditional electrochemical engineering. For example, the natural functions of redox enzymes and/or cells could be manipulated or modified through electrochemistry for a specific endapplication such a biosensor, fuel cell or biosolar cell. Similarly, the native metabolism of a microorganism could be manipulated for fuel or energy production in an electrochemical cell. The natural photosynthetic process in photosynthetic machineries could be genetically engineered for electricity generation in a biological solar cell. Also, the material issues plaguing the energy storage technologies, could be addressed by nanoscale science and engineering. The talk will introduce how electrochemistry, chemical engineering, material science, biology and nanotechnology could complement each other in addressing the societal grand challenges.    About the Speaker:  Dr. Ramaraja Ramasamy is the Inaugural Chair and an Associate Professor of Biochemical and Biological Engineering at the University of Georgia. He received his B.Tech in chemical and electrochemical engineering from CECRI in 2001 and received his Ph.D. degree in chemical engineering from the University of South Carolina in 20 in the area of electrochemical energy storage and conversion. After graduation, he held research positions at the Pennsylvania State University and Air Force Research Laboratory before joining UGA in August 2010 as an Assistant Professor, and later promoted to Associate Professor in 2015. He is currently the Chair of the school administering biochemical and biological engineering programs at UGA. His research interest lies in nontraditional electrochemical engineering applied to biosensors, biosolar cells, batteries, fuel cells and related systems. His research group consists of 9 graduate and undergraduate students. He has authored 54 publications and 5 patents. He has received over $2 million in individual research funding and more as a collaborator. He is a member of the electrochemical society. He can be reached at rama@uga.edu. More information about his research interests could be found from the website www.ramasamy.uga.edu.   '

