From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
"students@list.iitm.ac.in" <students@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
9-6-2016

Thread ID:
155495738389280e

Subject:
Fw: IIT Indore: Neural Network Learning Theory-Advanced Topics course

Body:
b"          Dean Academic Courses IIT Madras, Chennai 600036, India.  The information in the mail is meant only for the earmarked recipients and should not be shared or made public without permission       From:  Director  Sent:  Thursday, June 9, 2016 9:22 AM  To:  Dean Academic Courses  Subject:  Fw: IIT Indore: Neural Network Learning TheoryAdvanced Topics course      Sir, Forwarded please. Thannks. . Director's Office     From:  aruna Tiwari <gianiitindore@gmail.com  Sent:  Wednesday, June 8, 2016 11:39 AM  To:  Director; director@iitk.ac.in; director.office@iitb.ac.in  Subject:  IIT Indore: Neural Network Learning TheoryAdvanced Topics course        Dear Madam/Sir,   </span   Greetings from IIT Indore!   </span   It is my pleasure to inform you that Discipline of CSE, IIT Indore &nbs;p;is going to organize a 10 days course duringJuly 615, 2016on Neural Network Learning TheoryAdvanced Topics , under the aegis of MHRDGlobal Initiative of Academic Networks (GIAN). GIAN is a scheme of MHRD, Govt. of India. Through this program, faculty members from foreign universities visit Institutes in India and teach advanced level courses to benefit Indian academia.   </span   This course on Neural Network Learning TheoryAdvanced Topics  will be offered by Dr. Suresh Sundaram, Nanyang Technological University Singapore .  This course covers basics of neural networks with several advanced topics, including supervised learning, semisupervised learning, online/sequential learning algorithm, onshot learning, and metacognitive learning, deep learning. The courses will be useful for the researchers working in the areas such as neural network, pattern recognition, artificial intelligence, machine learning, deep learning, image processing, video analytics, signal processing, medical informatics and bioinformatics, different application based on neural network etc.      Please find anattachment for the detail information.       "

