From:
Dean Academic Courses <deanac@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"students@list.iitm.ac.in" <students@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
2-11-2016

Thread ID:
158251c77b16571a

Subject:
Fw: Nomination for 13th National Competition for Young

Body:
b'          Dean Academic Courses IIT Madras, Chennai 600036, India.  The information in the mail is meant only for the earmarked recipients and should not be shared or made public without permission       From:  CMD AIMA <prawat@aima.in  Sent:  Wednesday, November 2, 2016 5:02 PM  To:  Dean Academic Courses  Subject:  Nomination for 13th National Competition for Young      If you are unable to see the message below, click here to view .   Dear Sir/Madam,  AIMA 13 th  National Competition for Young India  2016  Theme: Breaking Through: Making India a Creative Superpower Greetings from AIMA ! &nb;sp; The National Competition of Young India (NCYI) was launched in 2003 and is rated as one of the leading competition on the calendar of the post graduate students and institutions in the country. The NCYI is being organized with a special objective of growing its horizon, not only to management students but also, to other streams of students of the education society providing a more healthy and diverse experience.  This is a unique platform to the budding young managers to demonstrate their knowledge, creativity, experience and professional power to become Leaders of Tomorrow . The competition is a great platform to spot and select some great talent from the management and engineering colleges  The Competition is divided into two levels i.e. Regional and National levels. The best three teams from the regional rounds in Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai and Delhi would compete for the National Championship to be held later at New Delhi. The theme for this years NCYI is  Breaking through: Making India a Creative Superpower.    This is a team based competition where team of two members participants from repute BSchool, Universities, Engineering Colleges and other allied fields participate and compete   The team needs to prepare the oral presentation based on extensive research in front of a high profile jury with the help&nbsp; of powerpoint presentation on the topical theme every year .  The jury selects top 3 teams from Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai and Delhi to compete for the Grand Finale scheduled to be held at New Delhi.   Schedule:     Bangalore  Hyderabad  Chennai  Mumbai  New Delhi  Grand Finale    16 th  November  18 th  November  21 st  November  24 th  November  28 th  November  6 th  December      The last year of the competition witnessed a participation of around 120 teams from best colleges across India. Our objective is to scale the competition to next level with higher participation.  Knowing your belief in igniting young minds, I am requesting you to kindly publicize it widely and encourage your students to participate. You may nominate as many teams as possible for this prestigious competition.  I look forward to your participation.  With regards,    Poonam Rawat Manager  CMD All India Management Association Tel : 24608510 (D) Mobile  9818381229    INSERT TEXT HERE  '

