From:
iitmcse14@googlegroups.com

To:
cs2013batch@googlegroups.com, iitmcse2013@googlegroups.com, 
	iitmcse14 <iitmcse14@googlegroups.com>

Date:
7-6-2016

Thread ID:
15527531b588dabf

Subject:
Fwd: Trexquant - IIT Madras

Body:
 Forwarded message 
From: Mohnish Uyyuru <mohnish.uyyuru@gmail.com
Date: Tue, Jun 7, 2016 at 1:33 AM
Subject: Fwd: Trexquant  IIT Madras
To: Computer Science cs <cscouncillor@smail.iitm.ac.in


Hey,

Please forward this mail regarding an internship opportunity to all final
and prefinal year students.
Resumes are to be sent to careers.india@trexquant.com.


 Forwarded message 
From: Nyck Singh <nyck.singh@royalhedgeglobal.com
Date: Sat, Jun 4, 2016 at 8:41 AM
Subject: Trexquant  IIT Madras
To: "mmcouncillor@smail.iitm.ac.in" <mmcouncillor@smail.iitm.ac.in
Cc: "tony.kim@trexquant.com" <tony.kim@trexquant.com


Ankita,

As per our phone communication, we're looking to offer quantitative
research projects to IIT Madras students with the following incentives 

 INR 65,000 monthly compensation plus performancebased bonus.
 Flexibly work from any Internetaccessible location at any time of the
day.
 Invaluable learning and networking opportunities with global hedge fund
managers.
 Access to a robust, proprietary technology platform that enables users to
efficiently explore and convert their creative ideas into Alpha signals
that may be traded in the real world.
 Mentoring and guidance from experienced quantitative researchers.
 Fulltime offers for top performers.

We'd like to communicate this opportunity to all IIT Madras students via
departmentspecific group mailing lists / student groups etc. And, we'd
appreciate any assistance in ensuring that it reaches all the students.

For your reference, the project description to be communicated to students
is included at the end of this email.

In case of any queries, feel free to reach out.

 Team Trexquant


Global Alpha Research  Trexquant

Many academicallytalented highachieving individuals are interested in
pursuing a career in quantitative finance.  One of the most important roles
in quantitative finance is Alpha research, developing profitable trading
signals based on realworld data.  Unfortunately, quantitative trading is a
tightknit industry where detailed information about building a successful
career is difficult to find.  To address this problem, Trexquant created
the Global Alpha Research program to provide a platform for career growth
and advancement E2 participants in the program will gain direct expe
rience
in buyside Alpha research and be mentored by senior Alpha Researchers.

We are seeking bright and hardworking scientists, mathematicians, and
engineers to join our talented team of Global Alpha Researchers in India to
conduct exciting research to develop Alphas, which are signals that predict
future stock returns.  The ideal researcher is analytical, creative, and
persistent at finding strong Alphas.  If you are interested in trading and
financial markets, and seek to work collaboratively with highcalibre
quantitative researchers, this role may be of high interest to you.

Responsibilities 

 Research and develop Alphas: marketneutral, mediumfrequency signals
that predict future stock returns.
 Investigate and implement recent academic research.
 Apply machine learning driven techniques to discover Alphas.

Benefits 

 INR 65,000 monthly compensation plus performancebased bonus.
 Flexibly work from any Internetaccessible location at any time of the
day.
 Invaluable learning and networking opportunities with global hedge fund
managers.
 Access to a robust, proprietary technology platform that enables users to
efficiently explore and convert their creative ideas into Alpha signals
that may be traded in the real world.
 Mentoring and guidance from experienced quantitative researchers.
 Fulltime offers for top performers.

Applying 

Please send your resume to careers.india@trexquant.com.

About Trexquant 

Trexquant is a technologydriven investment firm trading global equities
using statistical arbitrage methods.  We use thousands of shortterm
signals, called Alphas, to trade a broad universe of stocks with the goal
of delivering strong absolute and riskadjusted performance.  Alphas are
inspired by a variety of sources, such as academic publications and
statistical analysis, and rely on a variety of technical, fundamental, and
proprietary data as input.  Trexquant was founded in 2012 and we currently
manage hundreds of millions of USD worth of assets.  Our research staff
consists of graduates from the highestrated science and engineering
programs in the world, such as M.I.T., I.I.T., Harvard, Oxford, Columbia,
Caltech, Princeton, and Carnegie Mellon, among other universities.
Trexquant is registered with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission as an
investment advisor and is headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut, USA.
Please visit  for additional information about our
firm.



Mohnish Sai Prasad Uyyuru
4th year BtechUndergrad
Branch Councilor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering
Indian Institute of Technology Madras
+919962878299


You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "
CS14" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an e
mail to iitmcse14+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
To post to this group, send email to iitmcse14@googlegroups.com.
To view this discussion on the web visit 
iitmcse14/CAFa6U%2Bt7Byr%3Dq%2BJCk44NzEqzgHRECPOcd97gBABqb3%3DMQKTg%40mai
l.gmail.com.
For more options, visit 


