From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
Sudheer K P <sudheer@iitm.ac.in>, "announce@list.iitm.ac.in"
	<announce@list.iitm.ac.in>, "students@list.iitm.ac.in"
	<students@list.iitm.ac.in>, "residents@list.iitm.ac.in"
	<residents@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
5-5-2016

Thread ID:
15484f20ed157004

Subject:
Re: [Residents] Institute Gymkhana: Prof. PN Santhosh taken over the
	charge of Advisor (Sports)

Body:
b"     Dear Sudheer,  Working with you was a great pleasure. Your sense of purpose, dedication, imagination,balancedviewpoints, and fine interpersonal relationships with so many persons within and outside our Instituteare worthy ofwider recognition.    Your persistent efforts to have the unparalleled sports facilities in our campus (the two new Squash courts, our Swimming Pool, the Manohar C. Watsa stadium, the Roller Skating rink, the Basketball court at OAT, etc.) commissioned and maintained properly, or repaired and recovered effectively, deserve full praise.    I'm sure you would have been a perfect host during the interIIT meet planned to be organized in December 2015. The cyclone and floods then robbed us of the opportunity to showcase our sports and games facilities to the various interIIT contingents that would have otherwise enjoyed our campus.      I must confess that i have often wondered how you maintained a near perfect balance between your academic work, efforts, and accomplishments on the one hand with the contributions you made as Advisor (Sports) to life in our Institute on the other,whilecontributing to a very cheerful family. Great work, Sudheer!      Please accept mybest wishes to you and all in your family for very cheerful and healthytimes ahead.    Of course, my best wishes are also meant for Professor Santosh, your successor, who will certainlysetnew standards and benchmarks during his tenure as Advisor (Sports).       Sincerely,   L. S. Ganesh (on EOL from IIT Madras)   Advisor (Institutional Development) and Consulting Professor,   Sree Saraswathi Thyagaraja College, Pollachi 642107.      +91 94440 19435 (mobile)<br                From:  residentsbounces@list.iitm.ac.in <residentsbounces@list.iitm.ac.in on behalf of Sudheer K P <sudheer@iitm.ac.in  Sent:  Wednesday, May 4, 2016 6:31 PM  To:  announce@list.iitm.ac.in; students@list.iitm.ac.in; residents@list.iitm.ac.in  Cc:  DOST; Gymkananoffice  Subject:  [Residents] Institute Gymkhana: Prof. PN Santhosh taken over the charge of Advisor (Sports)         Dear Colleagues, Students and Campus Residents,    After having an opportunity for 5 years to serve the Institute in the capacity of Advisor (Sports), I have handed over the charge of Advisor (Sports) to Prof. PN Santhosh (Physics Department).  At this moment, I would like express my deep sense of gratitude for bestowing the trust upon me to serve the institute, and it was indeed a privilege.     I would also like to thank you all for the help, support, and patience you all have extended to the Gymkhana office over these years. The role of Advisor (Sports) has largely contributed in my professional and personal development, and has allowed me to make a sincere attempt to contribute substantially for the improvement of the Institute Gymkhana and sports facilities. Such a contribution and improvement would not have been achieved without the support and timely guidance given by many of you. I would like to acknowledge the support from our outstanding administrators, faculty colleagues, staff, students, our alumni, and wonderful campus community. I would specially like to thank for the support from Institute Engineering unit and Gymkhana Staff members.    Over these years, my association with Gymkhana has given me lot of good memories, which I will cherish for years to come.   I truly believe that Prof. Santhosh is an excellent choice based on his experience and administrative expertise. I am confident that he will take Institute Gymkhana to the next level of excellence. I request and hope he will also be extended full support and help from all of you, which I experienced during my tenure. I wish him all the best.    Thanks and regards,    Sudheer    PS: I will not be available any more on 9444008758 p    Sent from  Mail  for Windows 10       "

