From:
NSS <nss@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"students@list.iitm.ac.in" <students@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
1-11-2016

Thread ID:
1581ae8603ea1094

Subject:
Re: NSS General Collection Drive

Body:
b"     Dear All     Please find attached the volunteer allocation lists for General Collection Drive. Each volunteer is allocated approximately 20rooms in the hostel zone and 2 rooms in the academic zone. The allocation list for men and women are given separately. Allocation of academic zone is given in a separate excel sheet. You may take a printout of these sheets (or even write these down manually), go to these rooms and collect clothes, one sided papers, newspapers, usable electronic gadgets or any other thing that might serve useful.  Volunteers are requested to deliver the collected goods at the NSS office either on 4 November or 5 November between 5.30 pm and 8pm.   A few instructions to the volunteers:   1. There is no stipulated time frame for the collection. You may collect during either of the 4 days, whenever you are free.  2. Do not collect money  or any perishable items.  3. When making visit to the academic zone, ensure the availability of the faculty by giving them a call.  4. If you were not able to find the inmate in any case, kindly mention itin the sheet. Also get the signatures from the students and professors.  There might be certain discrepancies in the list. Please do let us know, if you are not allotted hostels or if boys are allocated girls' hostels.  We request thedefaulters who have not been allocated rooms to reply to the mail immediately.   P.S: It is a credited event.         Thanks and Regards,  Managerial team,   NSS IIT Madras    Website: www.nss.iitm.ac.in   Facebook: www.facebook.com/nss.iitm        From:  NSS  Sent:  31 October 2016 15:30  To:  students@list.iitm.ac.in  Subject:  NSS General Collection Drive      Dear all   Greetings from NSS family!  NSS IITM is conducting its  General Collection Drive(GCD) 2nd November 2016 (Wednesday) to 5th November 2016 (Saturday)  During the given dates, the volunteers will come to the rooms in the hostel zone and offices in the academic zone and collect items including onesided sheets, clothes, toys, usable footwear, newspaper,usable electronic gadgets andany other nonperishable items that could be of use. Kindly do not give money or any perishable items. Give your signature on the sheet the volunteer produces. Kindly make yourself available in your rooms during these days so that items may be collected. Det ailed instructions for NSSv olunteers will be sent in a separate mail.   For any queries, feel free to contact Jahnvi 9978907446 Melwin 9497040026    P.S:  It is a credited event for NSS Volunteers.    Thanks and Regards, Managerial team, NSS IIT Madras  Website:  www.nss.iitm.ac.in Facebook:  www.facebook.com/nss.iitm   "

