From:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

To:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

Date:
4-5-2016

Thread ID:
1547b349d0f02c57

Subject:
Re: Gangasters Dump Room

Body:
Hey naveen,

Why is the system of dump rooms being changed?
Why is the earlier pattern of 3:1 system not being followed?

Regards
Vishal
On 04May2016 15:29, "Chirag Gupta" <chiraggupta1995@gmail.com wrote:

 We will be carton boxes right?

 On Wed, May 4, 2016 at 3:28 PM, SAGARLA NAVEEN ee14b119 <
 ee14b119@smail.iitm.ac.in wrote:

 Hello gangasters,
                                 Hope your exams are going well.
 This mail is regarding the dump rooms allotted for the summer vacation.
 The rooms allotted for putting your belongings are 1021(beside hostel
 office) and TT room.All people are requested to kindly keep your belongings
 in the dump rooms. Kindly empty your rooms and leave the doors unlocked.

 Thank you.

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
 "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
 email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 




 
 Chirag Gupta
 2nd year Undergraduate Student,
 Department of Civil Engineering,
 Indian Institute of Technology Madras.

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
 "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
 email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 


 
 
You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
For more options, visit 


