From:
Chairman Council of Wardens <ccw@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"btech@smail.iitm.ac.in" <btech@smail.iitm.ac.in>, "msc@smail.iitm.ac.in"
	<msc@smail.iitm.ac.in>, "mba@smail.iitm.ac.in" <mba@smail.iitm.ac.in>,
	"ma@smail.iitm.ac.in" <ma@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
1-11-2016

Thread ID:
1582111f8d037bf8

Subject:
Notice regarding Hostel accommodation during Winter Vacation 2016

Body:
b"     Dear Students,   Those whoare presently in the following academic programmes will have to necessarily vacate their hostel rooms by November 26 th , 2016 and the   first year BTech and DD by  December 8 th , 2016 for winter vacation.   BTech (First,  Second  and  Third  year )  Dual Degree ( First, Second  ,  Third  and Fourth year MA ( First  ,  Second  em ,  Third  and Fourth year ) MSc ( First  and Second Year ) MBA ( First year ) Extended  semesters   These students will be allowed to keep their belongings (packed) in a designated place such as common room in their respective hostels.They are advised that the hostel office shall not be responsible for the students' belongings. However, the hostel office will ensure reasonable security for the cloak rooms.Please use carton boxes, gunny bags etc for good packing with prominent indication of your identity on them. Those vacation category students who have a valid reason to stay back will also have to vacate their rooms.  They will NOT BE ALLOWED TO STAY BACK IN THEIR CURRENT ROOMS.They can apply for a separate shared accommodation for the winter vacation.   Attention: Those applying for accommodation during winter vacation</strong Online request portal for this is now open ( hosteldine.iitm.ac.in/iitmhostel ). Requests that come after November 1 th</sup  201  will not be entertained. Please ensure that the reason for staying back and the validating authority is clearly mentioned for the request to be approved. Those working or interning with an IITM faculty in the campus should give the faculty details for validation. Those going to work in Chennai outside the campus as an academic requirement, should give HoD as the validating authority. All others who are going to work in Chennai outside the campus must produce valid proof and provide DoSt as the validating authority with email id, dostoffice@iitm.ac.in  The DoSt office will verify authenticity and then only approve.  If you are staying back as a part of a particular group such as InterIIT sports volunteer, CFI project, ShaastraSaarang related essential activity, placement team, etc. your name has to be in the list submitted by the respective faculty advisor. In such cases, you need not apply separately but make sure your name is included in the list that we will be receiving from the respective faculty advisors.</p   Only Limited Number of messes (Caterers) will be in operation during winter Vacation and those who opt for dinning must pay the required amount and collect the coupons from the office of Hostel Management.    PENALTY FOR VIOLATION:   In the case of Vacation category students who do not vacate their rooms as per the above, the following actions will be taken  a) A penalty charge of Rs. 300/ per day will be levied.  b) The rooms occupied violating the instructions will be opened in the presence of Hostel Management authorities. All effects found in the rooms will be removed and stored in cloak rooms without any responsibility on Hostel Management.  c) The Hostel Management Authority reserves the right to take further disciplinary action against the students who violate the rules. Such disciplinary actions will include:      (i) Denial of Rooms in the coming semesters    (ii) Denial of single occupancy privilege.  d) Vacation Category students must handover the room compulsorily during office working hours or inform the Hostel Office during office hours so that the Hostel Office will make arrangement to lock the room with the assistant of security. e) Please handover the room cleans without any defacing of wall.     Regards,     Prof. K. Sethupathi CCW, IIT Madras     "

