From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
"btech@smail.iitm.ac.in" <btech@smail.iitm.ac.in>,
	"mtech@smail.iitm.ac.in" <mtech@smail.iitm.ac.in>, "ms@smail.iitm.ac.in"
	<ms@smail.iitm.ac.in>, "ma@smail.iitm.ac.in" <ma@smail.iitm.ac.in>,
	"mba@smail.iitm.ac.in" <mba@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
26-4-2016

Thread ID:
1545398d025ae2fe

Subject:
Fw: UG/PG: Hanyang University Fall 2016

Body:
b'       Dear Students,      Link     Hanyang University is accepting nominations for 2016 Fall semester.; The nomination deadline will be April 28th th  (Korean time). Fall 2016 (September  December) You can submit your nominations to  oir4@wmail.iitm.ac.in (or) oir4.iitm@gmail.com . Please submit only for 2016 Fall nominations, as Hanyang University is not yet ready to receive nominations for future semesters.  Details for Nomination:  Kindly submit a scanned letter of approval (signed by Faculty Advisor &a;mp; HoD) along with the details given below. Format for Letter of Approval   Letter of Approval  1. Name of Student (as it appears on passport): 2. Gender: 3. Email Address: 4. Phone: 5. Department at IITM: 6. CGPA:  7. Choose Campus:  SEOUL  ERICA   8. Choose Study Level at Hanyang:  Undergraduate  Graduate   9. Choose Study Field at Hanyang:  Engineering  Humanities (Korean/Chinese/English/German/Japanese/French Language & Literature,History, Philosophy) Social Sciences (Political Sciences, Sociology, Journalism, Tourism, Communication) Natural Sciences (Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Life Science, Marine Science) Policy Sciences  Business, Economics & Finance  Education  Human Ecology (Clothing & Textiles, Food & Nutrition, Interior Design)  Music  Performing Arts & Sport  Design (Metal, Textile, Industrial, Graphic Package, Multimedia Design)    10. Does the student want Housing?  Yes  No  The instructions on application will be sent to students directly once they are nominated. First instruction email will be sent on April 8 th and Friday every following week until May 6 th  2016 Fall Semester Course Instructions The most uptodate English course list becomes available 1 month prior to the beginning of semester. Therefore, students will have to refer previous years course list for their course mapping (e.g. Applicant for 20 fall semester can refer to 2015 fall semester course list) Course list and instructions on how to find syllabus are at the following site below     Please note the following:  Starting from 2017 Spring semester, Hanyang will require English Proficiency Certificate and GPA for application. More information about new regulations will be announced in May. Students applying for 1 year (2 semesters) will get to stay in Hanyangs housing during the vacation between 1 st and 2 nd semester, however, they cannot stay during the vacation after the last semester. g. Students who will study for 2016 fall and 2017 Spring semester will get to stay in . Hanyangs housing during 2016 summer vacation but need to vacate a room at the end of2017 Spring semester  Hanyang offers Korean language courses for exchange students for free of charge and the number ofsession students can take differs according to their study period. a) 2 semester exchange: max. 3 sessions (2 during semester, 1 during vacation) b) 1 semester exchange: max. 2 sessions (1 during semester, 1 during vacation) Students are responsible for paying fees associated with additional course.  The deadline for completing all application requirements is May  th (Korean Time) . Hanyang University will process applications and admit on a rolling basis. Therefore, please note that not all the students will receive admission information at the same time.    Mr. Arvind Sivamani  Liaison Officer (Outgoing Students)  International Relations  Office of International Relations l 2 nd Floor, IC & SR Building  Indian Institute of Technology Madras l Chennai  600 036 l INDIA  Tel: (91) 0442257 4928  Email: oir4@wmail.iitm.ac.in   Website:    '

