From:
iitmcse14@googlegroups.com

To:
"CS'11" <cs11iitm@googlegroups.com>, "CS'12" <iitmcse2012@googlegroups.com>, 
	"CS'13" <iitmcse2013@googlegroups.com>, "CS'14" <iitmcse14@googlegroups.com>

Date:
25-4-2016

Thread ID:
1544a07b180c2d9e

Subject:
Fwd: Opinion poll for a new initiative

Body:
E2BPFB mail from mayank E2Bmundhra (4rth year elec student)

 Forwarded message 
From: "Pavithra Sivakumar" <spavithra95@gmail.com

Hello,

Pass the message to your respective departments.


Cheers,


MESSAGE:

Dear Students,

Let me introduce you all to an initiative that we have been working on for
quite some time. We seek your opinion/suggestions about this. The first
phase of this event is to be held around convocation day with the second
phase being planned around December/January. This event will be held as a
national level event.

Industry faces a lot of challenges today.

The objective of this event would be to know more about the actual
challenges faced from the stalwarts of industry and possible solutions
which academicians, science graduates, students and industry working
together can arrive at.

Many a times, there exists a gap between the expectations of industry and
the research and solutions provided by academia.

This initiative plans to bridge this gap through several approaches such as
various dialogue/interactive sessions/panel discussions between the
stalwarts of industry and academia.

This will help make the faculty and students of our institute more aware of
the expectations of the industry, while also helping the industry gain
exposure to various avenues they can leverage from academia.

Some of the themes of the first event can be


   1.

   A) Problems faced by large industries and solutions to help them achieve
   national/global success.

B) Problems faced by small industries and solutions to help them achieve
national/global success.

OR


   1.

   A) Problems faced by manufacturing sector companies and solutions to
   help them achieve national/global success.

B) Problems faced by IT sector companies and solutions to help them achieve
national/global success.




We believe that this initiative is the need of the hour and would help all
the stakeholders and will help in addressing the issues all of us face
today.

We want you to be a part of this initiative. All students associated with
this would gain immensely in terms of experience, knowledge, skills,
network building.

We seek your opinion via this form 

We value your opinion. Any suggestions are welcome.

Following the opinion poll we will immediately send out a call for cores
for this event.


Thanks and Regards,
E2BE2B

Mayank Mundhra,

IV Year Undergraduate Student,

IIT Madras.
Pavithra Sivakumar,
Electrical Engineering,
IIT Madras.







Gade Vamshi Kumar ReddyBranch Councilor 201516Department of Computer
Science and Engineering
Indian Institute of Technology Madras
+91 9043958285 <%2B91%209043958285


You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "
CS14" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an e
mail to iitmcse14+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
To post to this group, send email to iitmcse14@googlegroups.com.
To view this discussion on the web visit 
iitmcse14/CALmfTT_uMC6djK82VkXhRt6sTWnm9ZkiMcdsYDQSZMBhBnSdA%40mail.gmail.
com.
For more options, visit 


