From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
"students@smail.iitm.ac.in" <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>,
	"fac-disc@list.iitm.ac.in" <fac-disc@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
22-4-2016

Thread ID:
15441fde2226ac6c

Subject:
AM 6291-Computational Structural dynamics

Body:
b"     Dear All    Department of Applied Mechanics is offering a new course  AM 6291 Computational structural Dynamics,  in the coming semester JulyNov 2016. The details of the course are mentioned hereunder. Interested students are requested to register for the course at the earliest possible.    Course Name:  AM 6291 Computational structural Dynamics   Slot: Q  Instructors: Shaikh Faruque Ali and Sayan Gupta  Prerequisit: AM5290 or equivalent dynamics/vibration course.     Course Objective:  The objective of the course is to enable students to investigate dynamical systems using numerical techniques. p  Course content :  The course is subdivided into 6 modules:   Review of linear dynamical systems : Hamilton's and Lagrange equations; Solutions of linear differential equations; Modal analysis. Qualitative and computational aspects of linear dynamical system :  Matrix methods; Iterative solvers; Similarity transforms; Eigenvalue problems; Computation of eigensystem; SVD. Time Marching Algorithms:  explicit and implicit methods; stability and convergence. Finite Elements in Dynamic Analysis:  Basics of FEM as applicable to vibrating systems; Strong and weak forms; Variational principles, Weighted residual, Galerkin methods; Applications to dynamics of beams, plates; Error analysis and convergence; treatment of damping in FEM.  Model Reduction Techniques:</strong Static condensation; Guyan reduction; Substructuring and Component mode synthesis; SEREP; Applications; Effect of damping and various damping models. Frequency domain analysis and stability margins strong : Laplace and fourier transforms; DFT and FFT; Stability margins. Thanks and regards Faruque      Dr. Shaikh Faruque Ali  Assistant Professor Department of Applied Mechanics Indian Institute of TechnologyMadras (IITM) Chennai 600 036 India    "

