From:
iitmcse14@googlegroups.com

To:
"CS'12" <iitmcse2012@googlegroups.com>, "CS'13" <iitmcse2013@googlegroups.com>, 
	"CS'14" <iitmcse14@googlegroups.com>

Date:
23-4-2016

Thread ID:
15441e0b550d10ad

Subject:
Fwd: Intern at Whitelogic - a CSE, IIT Madras startup

Body:
 Forwarded message 
From: Samir Otiv <samirotiv@whitelogic.in
Date: Sat, Apr 23, 2016 at 3:38 AM
Subject: Intern at Whitelogic  a CSE, IIT Madras startup


Hi Everyone,

Whitelogic is an IIT Madras based company that is currently rearing to
launch a revolutionary product targeted towards some of our Fortune 500
clients. We have a strong team coming primarily from the CSE Department at
IIT Madras, and a business team comprising of several IIT alumni.


Our advisory board comprises of Dr. Krishna Sivalingam, Head of Department,
CSE, who is an ACM Distinguished Scientist and IEEE Fellow, and Dr. Krishna
n
Balasubramaniam, Dean of IC&SR, IIT Madras, who is also the head of CNDE,
Machine Design Section and has received numerous awards in NDT.

Our industrial product, SyncOps, involves web development, network
architecture & optimizations, data synchronization, machine learning,
heuristics and graph theoretic problems. SyncOps is going to remodel
industrial operations and processes worldwide, and is now at an advanced
stage. The product is being built in close collaboration with major players
in the industry, and already has an elite customer base.

WeE2re looking to expand our team to drive SyncOps to the next level
.

Software Architecture Intern

This is going to involve advancing and enhancing SyncOps, by working on
various computer science problems, and developing and coding the conceived
solutions. If youE2re a second year or third year student with an
inclination towards computer science, feel free to apply.

Client Technologies Developer Intern

If youE2re familiar with any of the below technologies, feel free to
 apply.

Javascript, AngularJS, UI/UX (HTML/CSS), Bootstrap

The internship will last for the duration of the summer.

To send us your application, or to get in touch with us for absolutely
anything, contact hello@whitelogic.in, and weE2ll get back to you so
on.

Samir Otiv

Founder & CEO
Whitelogic

E2E2 WHITELOGIC CONFIDENTIAL E2E2

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE:
The contents of this email message and any attachments are intended solely
for the addressee(s) and may contain confidential and/or privileged
information and may be legally protected from disclosure. If you are not
the intended recipient of this message or their agent, or if this message
has been addressed to you in error, please immediately alert the sender by
reply email and then delete this message and any attachments. If you are
not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use,
dissemination, copying, or storage of this message or its attachments is
strictly prohibited.






Gade Vamshi Kumar ReddyBranch Councilor 201516Department of Computer
Science and Engineering
Indian Institute of Technology Madras
+91 9043958285 <%2B91%209043958285


You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "
CS14" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an e
mail to iitmcse14+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
To post to this group, send email to iitmcse14@googlegroups.com.
To view this discussion on the web visit 
iitmcse14/CALmfTT8QYy0AYtygpQ7YVi3NCsGcHhmDTA4xwfW5bkqybOEQ%40mail.gmail.
com.
For more options, visit 


