From:
iitmssiva@gmail.com

To:
STUDENT mailing list <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
11-11-2016

Thread ID:
158516202fe902ab

Subject:
End semester exams start in a few days. Good luck.

Body:
Hi friends,
Good luck with end semester exams.
Make sure you stay healthy.

Some tips while you are preparing for and writing the exams:

(1) take HEALTHY, COOKED FOOD and IN TIME.
(2) Some dip in temperature in the nights and humid. Catching common cold
and fever is generally common unless you make sure you take appropriate
precautions.  It seems our immunity goes down when in tension.  Go to the
hospital if you feel under the weather.
(3) Relax yourself when needed with recreational activities that you are
normally involve in  preferably, something that works your muscles!   Just
a short stroll would do wonders.
(4) DON'T DISCUSS GRADES, MARKS and MATTERS THAT MAY DISTURB YOU including
HEATED ARGUMENTS.
(5) Staying awake long hours and filling ourselves with caffeine is a
problem and not a solution.  It is important to feel fresh while writing
the exam.
(6) Remember the mistakes that you did and the blocks you had during
problemsolving.  These usually revisit.  Therefore, review the problems
and make sure you have cleared those areas in which you had trouble earlier.
Do this well in advance than at the last moment.
(7) If you do group study, make sure you are in the right group.  Pair up
with students at your level when doing group study
  mugging with higher level students may shake your confidence and lower
level may sap your energy!
(8) DO NOT DISCUSS THE EXAMS YOU HAVE COMPLETED  WITH FRIENDS.  I know it
is difficult to stay away from that temptation.  But, it rather helps to
prepare for the next.  Past cannot be rewritten but future is in our hands!
(9) Don't cram.  Make sure you pace the preparations in such a way that
you don't suffocated at the end.  When you feel suffocated, focus on only
the basic stuff that you have to know and that you are strong in rather
than everything!  Assess your current state of knowledge in the subject.
(10) make sure you revise those concepts that you are strong in.  It is
better to think of cashing on these strengths than trying to focusing on
correcting weakness at the eleventh hour.
(11) make sure you try some mock tests or previous exams by yourself or
in the group study.
(12) If you don't know something, don't try and understand in the last
minute.  Your confidence will take huge dip.  Look at things that you have
prepared well for.

Stay relaxed.

Best wishes,
Anbudan,
Siva  (Sivakumar Srinivasan)
Dean of Students (DoSt),
IIT Madras.
(+91 94440 08050)




