From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
"seminars@list.iitm.ac.in" <seminars@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
19-4-2016

Thread ID:
1542dab8a5ebd0bd

Subject:
[Seminars] R & D talk on 21st April (Thursday,
	4.30 pm -5.30 pm) on Skill Development and Employment,
	A Secondary Circuit Globalisation: Labour Migration from Odisha to the
	Apparel Parks in Kerala, India

Body:
b'           Dear Colleagues:       You are cordially invited to an R&D lecture on   Skill Development and Employment, A Secondary Circuit Globalisation:   Labour Migration from Odisha to the Apparel Parks in Kerala, India    By  Dr. Asha Kuzhiparambil  Venue: HSB 356  Date: 21 st  April (Thursday)    Time: 4.305.30 pm    About the Speaker :   Asha Kuzhiparambil was a fulltime PhD research scholar at the National Institute of Advanced Studies, IISC campus, Bangalore. She received doctorate from the Manipal University. She was awarded DSTNIAS fellowship and associated with the RBI Programme on Interdisciplinary Approaches to Economic Issues in the School of Social Science. Currently, she is doing research on labour and skill development independently. Her PhD dissertation examines the dynamics of labour relations in the garment making and cashew nut processing circuit of Kerala. Using the concept of Secondary Circuit, the study examines the secondary consequences of globalisation within the nation.  About the Talk:  The effects of global industrial circuits can vary from industry to industry and location to location. While focusing on labour in a global circuit, an attempt must be made to look beyond the workplace to understand the secondary consequences of globalisation within the nation. Such circuits involve various actors and connect multiple local regions to the global resource points within the nation. This will be elaborated with the case study of garment workers trained in Odisha and recruited to the Apparel Parks in Kerala.    If you have questions, please email Dr.Binitha Thampi (binithathampi@iitm.ac.in)  We look forward to your presence and participation.    V.R.Muraleedharan  &  R.Swarnalatha  (Organizing Committee, R&D Lecture Series, HSS Dept.)               Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedomsto choose ones attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose ones own way .\x08;  Viktor Frankl        '

