From:
iitmcse14@googlegroups.com

To:
"CS'13" <iitmcse2013@googlegroups.com>, "CS'14" <iitmcse14@googlegroups.com>

Date:
19-4-2016

Thread ID:
1542d10de8cc753e

Subject:
Qwerto || Summer Internships for students

Body:
 Forwarded message 
From: Sashank Sudhakar Vandrangi <sashank.vandrangi@gmail.com
Date: Tue, Apr 19, 2016 at 11:13 AM
Subject: Fwd: Qwerto || Summer Internships for students


Hey,

Please send this out to the internship batches. It is regarding an
internship this summer at a newly founded alumni startup. Work locations
offered are Chennai and Bangalore.



I am an alumnus of IITM batch of 2015. After graduating, I was working
as a Product
and Strategy Manager in Swiggy. A few months back I quit my job and
Cofounded a startup named Qwerto along with a few of my Batch mates. Qwerto
is a hyperlocal businesses on chat application which enables contextual
search and discovery of local businesses and connects them directly to
customers via chat.

We are offering paid summer internship opportunities for students of IIT
Madras. Kindly circulate this mail and help us connect with interested
students.

About the company: Founded by students and alumni of IIT Madras, QWERTO
is a fastgrowing technology platform tapping into one of the hottest
trends in the startup ecosystem, chatbased commerce. Qwerto allows
customers to Discover, Connect, and buy from suitable businesses across a
select locality via text messages. Check out www.qwerto.in to for more
details about the product.

The team: The founding members hail from some of the hottest and
fastgrowing startups in India (ExSwiggy and ExStayzilla teams). The
technology team is headed by our CTO with over 6 years of experience in the
ecommerce space working as a tech lead in Japanese ecommerce giant
Rakuten and Indian hyperlocal fooddelivery startup Swiggy.

Details about the internship:

Location: Chennai and Bangalore

Stipend: Rs10,000 to 20,000 based on proficiency.

Working Hours: Flexible work hours

Full stack developer:
JD:

    Build, maintain and improvise on Qwerto web platform, chat services
   and backend systems.
    Work closely with the mobile teams for backend requirements.
    Build search, recommendation and personalization engines for improving
   user experience and engagement.

Requirements:

    Proficient understanding of Python, Java, Node.js, Angular.js and
   other web technologies.
    User authentication and authorization between multiple systems,
   servers, and environments.
    Understanding differences between multiple delivery platforms such as
   mobile vs desktop, crossbrowser compatibility issues and ways to work
   around them.
    Understanding of various DB technologies such as NoSQL/SQL.
    Proficient understanding of clientside scripting and JavaScript
   frameworks, including jQuery.
    Good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page
   updates, and AJAX.
    Proficient understanding of GIT.


DataScientist:
JD:

    Build search, recommendation and personalization models based on user
   behaviour on the platform.
    Support business with datadriven decisions.

Requirements:

    Understanding of various DB technologies such as NoSQL/SQL and
   relevant querying languages.
    Statistical programming languages like R or Python.
    Problem solving ability and business acumen to view the given dataset
   from various business lenses and provide datadriven solution to problems.


Android developer:
JD:

    Build, maintain and improvise on "Qwerto" and "Qwerto Partner"
   application.
    Work on building intelligent interfaces and a unique chat experience
   tailored for chat based commerce.

Requirements: 

    Proficiency with Android Studio 2.0, Java and relevant technologies.
    Familiarity with various android libraries and android SDK
   integrations.
    Proficient understanding of working with various device parameters and
   optimizing implementation to work across most devices.
    Good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page
   updates etc.,
    Proficient understanding of GIT.

We are looking to work with people who are passionate about working in a
fast paced startup environment with a steep learning curve. If you are a
dreamer, come in! We invite you to join us and be an integral part of our
exciting growth journey.

Reach out at contact@qwerto.in, careers@qwerto.in OR ping us at +91
9003128726.

Thanks and Regards,
Nawin





 


Gade Vamshi Kumar ReddyBranch Councilor 201516Department of Computer
Science and Engineering
Indian Institute of Technology Madras
+91 9043958285 <%2B91%209043958285

 
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "CS14" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to iitmcse14+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
To post to this group, send email to iitmcse14@googlegroups.com.
To view this discussion on the web visit %2BsK6enj6y7UzNDrutf%2BGvg8%3DhSw%40mail.gmail.com.
For more options, visit 


