From:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

To:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

Date:
18-4-2016

Thread ID:
154190f168e1a46c

Subject:
Re: Gangasters ROOM ALLOCATION

Body:
Also can you please open the form again for a few days?

Thanks,

On Mon, Apr 18, 2016 at 6:12 PM, Naren Mekala <narenmhew1529@gmail.com
wrote:

 Hey, until now we got to choose the room number we want. But there is no
 such provision in the form. Who is going to decide which room number a
 person is going to get?

 Thanks and Regards
 Naren


 On Sat, Apr 16, 2016 at 8:49 PM, Santhosh Kumar Ramakrishnan <
 santhoshkumar.25dec@gmail.com wrote:

 Hey,

 It says that the form is not accepting any more responses. Can you please
 have a look into this issue?

 Regards,
 Santhosh
 On Apr 15, 2016 2:04 PM, "SAGARLA NAVEEN ee14b119" <
 ee14b119@smail.iitm.ac.in wrote:

 Hello all
 This mail is regarding room allocation for next year.Please enter your
 wing preferences in the form given below.


 

 If you have any queries you can personally mail me.

 Regards
 Naveen,
 Second year UG ,
 Dept. of electrical engineering,
 Phone:9790463119,
 Email:naveen.sachin37@gmail.com.




 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google
 Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
 an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
 "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
 email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 


 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
 "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
 email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 




 
Best,
Sahil
4th year UnderGrad, IITM

 
 
You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
For more options, visit 


