From:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

To:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

Date:
18-4-2016

Thread ID:
1542a425e2c7e25b

Subject:
Gangasters Fwd: Survey on Globalisation and Shopping Preferences

Body:
Hi!

A bunch of my classmates need help for a project of theirs and they will
much appreciate it if you could fill this. Sorry if you think this is spam!

Cheers!
Venkataraman
 Forwarded message 
From: Venkataraman Ganesh <venkatganesh1995@gmail.com
Date: Mon, Apr 18, 2016 at 10:05 PM
Subject: Fwd: Survey on Globalisation and Shopping Preferences
To: venkataraman@smail.iitm.ac.in



 Forwarded message 
From: Urmika Sinha <urmikasinha@gmail.com
Date: Mon, Apr 18, 2016 at 6:06 PM
Subject: Survey on Globalisation and Shopping Preferences
To: "madohssiitm@googlegroups.com" <madohssiitm@googlegroups.com


Junta,

We are trying to explore the transforming preferences that globalisation
has brought forth in terms of shopping for clothes, accesories and shoes.
To do so, we try and compare the changes in shopping practices with
relation to online Shopping and Flea markets. I've invited you to fill out
the form Globalisation and Preferences. To fill it out, visit:

I/viewform?cD0&wD1&uspDmail_form_link


Pliss pliss pliss fill out this survey and help us pass globo. Karma will
be an angel. Promise. :)

Thanks!


Urmika Sinha
III Year
Humanities and Social Sciences
IIT Madras


You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"MA DoHSS IITM" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to madohssiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
To post to this group, send email to madohssiitm@googlegroups.com.
Visit this group at 
For more options, visit 




Venkataraman Ganesh
3rd Year Integrated M.A (Developmental Studies)
Department of Humanities and Social Sciences,
IIT Madras
E1A7




Venkataraman Ganesh
3rd Year Integrated M.A (Developmental Studies)
Department of Humanities and Social Sciences,
IIT Madras
E1A7



You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.


You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "
gangastersiitm" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an e
mail to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
For more options, visit 


