From:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

To:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

Date:
16-4-2016

Thread ID:
15414756e3c1964d

Subject:
Re: Gangasters Playing of Music in Ganga

Body:
It would be very pleasing to the residents of Ganga hostel if you guys
could take your personal feud outside this group. The decisions have been
made by the authorities and the limits have been set at 10pm. Please hold
on to your composure and refrain from personal abuse. This argument has
gone from logical to emotional and way too personal. Let's not continue
this thread any further.

P.S : Please avoid +1 level stuff too. It's rather annoying to see people
fight like this. Good night.

On Sat, Apr 16, 2016 at 12:36 AM, ARJUN.A.R ph15c004 <
ph15c004@smail.iitm.ac.in wrote:

 @rakersh vkr
 1. Just to prove that my claim is not as hollow as your head I have sent
 one of my certificates to your personal mail. Now, you may suck that rat's
 posterior or frontal part as you prefer.
 2. Ganga is nothing more than a hostel. I won't change my room unless
 there is a direct order from the authorities.

 On Fri, Apr 15, 2016 at 11:58 PM, Rakesh Vakr <rocky13795@gmail.com
 wrote:

 @arjunar Thanks for your opinion, but I assure you we do not give a rat's
 posterior end about it. We're pretty convinced the issue isn't with our
 music, par Kanpur mein kuch problem hai. I call bluff on your claims of you
 being a musician yourself, because a true musician wouldn't berate
 another's efforts. I maintain that you're either tonedeaf or that you are
 hallucinating the "music that sucks".
 The world does not revolve around you, and certainly, neither does Ganga
 hostel.

 This direct offensive assault on the quality of the Ganga music team is
 really depressing, as we want the hostel members to be one big united
 family (not that we are taking it one bit seriously). You really do not
 seem to fit in here. Instead of all of us going elsewhere, why don't you
 request for a change of hostel? That's a more feasible solution, and a
 winwin situation for us.

 Thanks, don't come again

 On Fri, Apr 15, 2016 at 11:37 PM, NISHANT SINGH ee14b097 <
 ee14b097@smail.iitm.ac.in wrote:

 Sorry to interrupt your "Serious" discussions guys but can you please
 read this   Jesus

 On 15Apr2016, at 11:33 PM, ravi chandra <ravichandra7789@gmail.com
 wrote:

 Sorry to interrupt your "Serious" discussions guys


 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google
 Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
 an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 


 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
 "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
 email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 


 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
 "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
 email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 




 
Dharani Manne
4th Year Undergraduate
Mechanical Engineering Department
IIT Madras

 
 
You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
For more options, visit 


