From:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

To:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

Date:
15-4-2016

Thread ID:
15414756e3c1964d

Subject:
Re: Gangasters Playing of Music in Ganga

Body:
@arjunar Thanks for your opinion, but I assure you we do not give a rat's
posterior end about it. We're pretty convinced the issue isn't with our
music, par Kanpur mein kuch problem hai. I call bluff on your claims of you
being a musician yourself, because a true musician wouldn't berate
another's efforts. I maintain that you're either tonedeaf or that you are
hallucinating the "music that sucks".
The world does not revolve around you, and certainly, neither does Ganga
hostel.

This direct offensive assault on the quality of the Ganga music team is
really depressing, as we want the hostel members to be one big united
family (not that we are taking it one bit seriously). You really do not
seem to fit in here. Instead of all of us going elsewhere, why don't you
request for a change of hostel? That's a more feasible solution, and a
winwin situation for us.

Thanks, don't come again

On Fri, Apr 15, 2016 at 11:37 PM, NISHANT SINGH ee14b097 <
ee14b097@smail.iitm.ac.in wrote:

 Sorry to interrupt your "Serious" discussions guys but can you please read
 this   Jesus

 On 15Apr2016, at 11:33 PM, ravi chandra <ravichandra7789@gmail.com
 wrote:

 Sorry to interrupt your "Serious" discussions guys


 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
 "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
 email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 


 
 
You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
For more options, visit 


