From:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

To:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

Date:
15-4-2016

Thread ID:
15414756e3c1964d

Subject:
Re: Gangasters Playing of Music in Ganga

Body:
I have a solution for this problem...
The new gensec has already sent out a mail for new room allocation
choices...

How about students who support the late night music practice will move
nearer to music room and vice versa...

Just think about it.....
On 15Apr2016 8:53 pm, "Rakesh Vakr" <rocky13795@gmail.com wrote:

 A few things.

 i) Permission was granted to us till 10PM and not 8PM as wrongly
 stated in the initial mail. And as our exsocsecs will assure you, our
 warden is very supportive of us participating in cultural activities. Als
o,
 over the past couple of years, hostel music practice happened over two
 months, and not a few days like this time (sadly). We never had any
 complaints, since the inhabitants of Ganga understood that this is a
 hostel, and certain compromises had to be made to support mates who are
 representing the spirit of Ganga. (GO GANGA!)

 ii) We too, just like everyone else have classes in the morning and
 labs till the evening (quite surprising? I think not), so practising at
 these times is definitely out of the question.

 iii) We too have exams, assignments, reports, submissions, deadlines,
 internship interviews and what not along with Saarang/Shaastra app
 deadlines. Heck, I'm losing count of the number of sleepless nights I've
 had for the same reasons. We are taking time out of our schedules for the
 hostel to participate in these events, and the least we could have is som
e
 compromise from our hostel mates, instead of relentless cribs. When you
 came down and unceremoniously disrupted our sessions and asked us to redu
ce
 the volume, we did. We have been lowering volumes repeatedly since you
 guys complained.

 iv) @ArjunAR, we've had several people come down to the music room from
 their rooms or the quadi to listen to us. All of them said we sound nice.
 So I'm going to make the statistically safe option of assuming you are
 quite tonedeaf.

 v) These incidents are strongly reminding me of my childhood and those
 neighbourhood aunties and uncles who used to scream at my friends and I f
or
 playing football and cricket on the streets. Not so desirable nostalgia, 
to
 be blatantly honest.

 PS 1  If you have any cribs, please contact me at +919962615051 and let
 me know, instead of bursting in like you own the hostel.

 PS 2  Again, GO GANGA!

 Godspeed
 Vakr


 On Fri, Apr 15, 2016 at 2:28 PM, Samir Otiv <samirotiv@gmail.com wrote:

 @Venkatraman
 Even if these guys believe you, why should they agree to you? What if
 they have equally important priorities for which they're working equally
 hard, and don't give a shit about hostel litsoc glory? :P



 On Friday 15 April 2016, Venkataraman Ganesh <hs13h040@smail.iitm.ac.in
 wrote:

 Hi!

 I am staying in Room Number 163, which is right outside the place where
 they are practicing. I know that at times, the sound is annoying  I ha
ve
 felt the same way at times too. But I think its also our responsibility
 to
 do everything we can to facilitate students who are representing our ho
stel
 in LitSoc. I know the junta who are practicing this hard personally and
 trust me, they have infinitely many things to do apart from LM and WM. 
I
 think we can be slightly understanding for a couple of days more, wish 
them
 luck, and pray that they get out hostel LitSoc glory. I know its an
 inconvenience, but please do bear with it. Close the window and the doo
r 
 it might help slightly with the sound.

 Cheers!
 Venkataraman
 E1A7

 On Fri, Apr 15, 2016 at 12:05 AM, DHEERAJ M PAI ee14b082 <
 ee14b082@smail.iitm.ac.in wrote:

 Go Ganga . all the best for WM.
 On 14Apr2016 7:26 pm, "Avinash Reddy" <avinashavi15962@gmail.com
 wrote:

 Sabh kuch chaltha h :p, bajathe raho, go ganga
 On Apr 14, 2016 5:47 PM, "Samir Otiv" <samirotiv@gmail.com wrote:

 @Anish. He could argue in the same way. :P

 On Thu, Apr 14, 2016 at 4:43 PM, Aneesh Bhir <ansbhir@gmail.com
 wrote:

 OR, instead, you could get up and join the band :)

 If you are attending classes in those hours, might they also not be
?
 This be hostel life bro. Gotta adjust :)
 On Apr 14, 2016 4:38 PM, "SOHIT JATAIN ma15c040" <
 ma15c040@smail.iitm.ac.in wrote:

 Guys,
 This is just to inform you all that I talked to hostel manager
 about the band practice going in the music room. I told him that t
his is
 very disturbing at least for the rooms just above the music room a
nd
 office. They played till 3 in the morning yesterday night which is
 quite
 disturbing. I asked him to tell these guys ( via Gen.Sec and Lit.S
ec to
 practice in the morning hours (as we all be attending classes) and
 in the
 evening ( 5pm to 8pm). When I asked him what if they played after 
8pm, he
 directly told me to call security and inform warden directly about
 this.
 Hence Music should not be played after 8pm. If it happens, you can
 do the same as well. Call 8080 and warden( his mobile no. is outsi
de office)

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga
 Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google
 Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it,
 send an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel
'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google
 Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it,
 send an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 


 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'
.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google
 Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it,
 send an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google
 Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, sen
d
 an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google
 Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
 an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 




 
 Venkataraman Ganesh
 3rd Year Integrated M.A (Developmental Studies)
 Department of Humanities and Social Sciences,
 IIT Madras

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google
 Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
 an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Group
s
 "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send a
n
 email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 


 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
 "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
 email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 




You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.


You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "
gangastersiitm" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an e
mail to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
For more options, visit 


