From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
"allatphysics@physics.iitm.ac.in" <allatphysics@physics.iitm.ac.in>,
	"seminars@list.iitm.ac.in" <seminars@list.iitm.ac.in>,
	"physgroup@imsc.res.in" <physgroup@imsc.res.in>

Date:
13-4-2016

Thread ID:
1540ea071ce97f26

Subject:
[Seminars] Reminder: 2nd Lakshmi Raman Memorial Lecture - Prof.
	Priya Mahadevan *TODAY* 13/4/2016 at 5pm in CLT

Body:
b'     Dear all,    This is a reminder that the2nd Lakshmi Raman Memorial Lecture will take place at 5pm TODAYWednesday the 13th of April in CLT. The speaker is Prof. Priya Mahadevan from the S.N.Bose National Centre for Basic Sciences, Kolkata. Information about talk and Dr Lakshmi Raman is below.   Best regards,  Jim       TITLE: The story of the electron in a solid    SPEAKER: Prof. Priya Mahadevan    AFFILIATION: S. N. Bose National Centre for Basic Sciences, Kolkata  DAY, DATE AND TIME: Wednesday 13th of April at 5pm [Tea and snack at 4:45pm]  VENUE: Central Lecture Theatre  ABSTRACT: One has unusual phenomena in solids largely contributed by the behavior of the electron. One could have instances where on a lattice of notionally equivalent atoms, the electron is found to favour some atoms over others. Alternately, one could have instances where an orbital is favoured over seemingly equivalent ones. I will start by an introduction to what tells the electron what to do. This gives us the tools to look into the mind of the electron and so we know what to expect when we bring different atoms together to form solids. Starting with examples which confirm with the rules, I will go on to examples which are the lawbreakers, taking examples from our research, which is part of the excitement in the study of condensed matter systems.  ABOUT THE SPEAKER: Priya Mahadevan is a Condensed Matter theorist working as a Professor at S.N.Bose National Centre for Basic Sciences, Kolkata. She has a PhD in Condensed Matter Physics from the Department of Physics, Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore and her interests encompass the study of properties of materials using a combination of tools. She has 90+ publications in peerreviewed journals and a Hindex of 26. She is the recipient of the NASIScopus young scientist award as well as the TWOWS young scientist award. She is a fellow of the Indian Academy of Science.  ABOUT DR LAKSHMI RAMAN (19472014): Dr Lakshmi Raman was eduacated at Lady Sivaswamy Iyer Girls high school, Mylapore and Queen Mary;s college, Chennai, before undertaking a PhD in crystal dynamics in the Dept. of Physics, IITM. She did postdoctoral research at MPI, Stuttgart, ETH, Zurich and the University of Texas, Austin. Dr Raman then moved to the private sector. She had a long association with BellCore (a.k.a. Bell Labs) where she worked in the sphere of telecommunications particularly in the area of network management. She was an internationally recognized expert regarding standards in telecommunication. She was the author and coauthor of books and network management. Throughout her life she had a keen interest in the higher education of women and volunteer teaching of highschool&n;bsp; students. '

