From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
"students@smail.iitm.ac.in" <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
12-4-2016

Thread ID:
1540bb6c453b05b8

Subject:
Fw: UG/PG: HKUST International Summer Program

Body:
b'       Dear Students,        Link        International Summer Program, 201 for Elite Students  HKUST      The International Summer program for Elite Students is orgainzed by The Hong Kong University of Science & Technology every year for the students from Top Universities from China, Latin America, Eastern Europe and South East Asia. This year itis scheduled from 3 rd  9th July, 2016 at HKUST campus in Hong Kong.      One student from IIT Madras will be eligible to have the Program fees will be waived off and Airfare will be sponsored upto HK$1000 .( Refer the cost mentioned below)      This Summer program entitles the selected students to stay on Campus and interact with Academicians, Administrators and International community for over a week.   The programme also provides a platform to the students, not only to have exchange of ideas and valuable interactions with faculty, but also gives an opportunity for further selection for internship and subsequent selection for doctoral programmes.      Eligibility Criteria      Students with good academic record, research potential and a minimum of 7.5 CGPA   Students in 2 nd , 3 rd th  Students desirous of taking up a research career.  Preference is given to students with research background/publications. The students who attend this programme would also be evaluated by HKUST for a research scholarship subsequently  Please find attached the following:  1. Detailed Itinerary and Schedule of the Programme  2. Application form    The students will need to submit following documents to proceed the application process :  1. Completed application form along with a photograph  2. A copy of their passport  3. Copy of mark sheets certified by Head    The above documents have to be submitted at the Office of International Relations on or before April 19 2016         Cost for the International Summer Programme : Rs.1,18,250/ all inclusive for 6 nights and 7 days.  Includes Economy Airfare, Airport Transfers, Stay on twin sharing basis on campus between 3rdand 9th;July, Local Conveyance as per plan, Research talk, Industry visit, All meals, local sightseeing, Big Buddha, Lantau Island and other local attractions. Not included  telephone expenses, packaged water bottles and all expenses of personal nature.     Mr. Arvind Sivamani  Liaison Officer (Outgoing Students)  International Relations  Office of International Relations l 2 nd Floor, IC & SR Building  Indian Institute of Technology Madras l Chennai  600 036 l INDIA  Tel: (91) 0442257 4928  Email: oir4@wmail.iitm.ac.in   Website:    '

