From:
iitmcse14@googlegroups.com

To:
iitmcse2013@googlegroups.com, iitmcse14 <iitmcse14@googlegroups.com>

Date:
12-4-2016

Thread ID:
1540a03a965c2af4

Subject:
Fwd: (CSE) Internship Opportunity with a Canadian Tech. Startup

Body:
 Forwarded message 
From: "Aakash Nigam" <aakash@kitboard.co
Date: Apr 12, 2016 8:26 AM
Subject: (CSE) Internship Opportunity with a Canadian Tech. Startup
To: <placement@iitm.ac.in, <cscouncillor@smail.iitm.ac.in, <
adtp@iitm.ac.in
Cc:

Hello Sir,

We would like to apprise you about our summer internships program for the
students enrolled in Computer Science programs. We would really
appreciate,if you could distribute the following links among all the
students enrolled in the Computer Science programs at your university.  You
can find the details about our company and the internships program below.

 Link to internship posting: 

 Link to internship application: 

 About our Company: 
About KitBoard Inc.

KitBoard Inc. is a Canadian Technology Startup based on a future Internet
research project at the University of Toronto. We are building a smart
enterprise application that will help enterprise workers to quickly derive
actionable insights from the vast array of information to be generated by
the enterprise devices that will be connected to Internet in next decade.
Our application imbibes our research in complex technologies, viz. Internet
of things, future networks, machine learning, and cloud computing, in one
easily configurable, deployable, and manageable application. Our data
science driven application will assist enterprise workers of tomorrow to
take smart data driven decisions for completing their daytoday tasks.

Some selected research paper published by our team can be found here  (Just
a representative list)


   1. ITS Canada: 
   2. ACM  DEBs : 
   3. Software Defined Office: 
   4. Application platform for Smart Transportation: 
   5. SAVI vCPE for Internet of Things: 
   
   6. Research Posters:   

About the KitBoard Summer Internships 2016.

Expanding on our strong belief in the power of   internet, we have
developed this Internship program to reach out to talent beyond
geographical boundaries. Students will work in teams of 3, along with a
senior member of our team, to accomplish small programming tasks, which
are  designed to match their level of expertise. We will be using advanced
collaboration tools such as Gitlab, Slack and Google Drive . We will be
having a daily online meeting for 5 minutes, and a weekly meeting of 30
minutes to discuss the process (Scrum/Agile fashion).
Thanks and Regards,

Aakash,
Team KitBoard.

 
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "CS14" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to iitmcse14+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
To post to this group, send email to iitmcse14@googlegroups.com.
To view this discussion on the web visit %2Bs%2Bbivnvpm2p1kOQRPoD27h0JUC5ffrRJss23a1Sjc8Q%40mail.gmail.com.
For more options, visit 


