From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
"seminars@list.iitm.ac.in" <seminars@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
8-4-2016

Thread ID:
15405613618d2b73

Subject:
[Seminars] R&D lecture (12th April Tuesday,
	4-5 pm) on "Re-locating material heritage of education in the
	history of science and technology"

Body:
b'                               Dear Colleagues:        You are cordially invited to an R&D lecture on     Relocating material heritage of education in the history of science and technology        By  Roland Wittje  Associate Professor, Department of Humanities and Social Sciences, IIT Madras  On 12 th   April 2016  Venue: HSB 356,4pm to5pm        Abstract    In recent decades, historians of science have enlarged the scope for their discipline, acquired a broader cultural view of science, and looked at how science engages with other parts of society. To reach a more global understanding of science and technology beyond the European and North American context, we trace the circulation of scientific knowledge, practices, people, instruments and other material objects.    In order to understand the generation, reproduction and circulation of scientific knowledge, practices, practitioners, and objects inside and outside of scientific institutions, I argue, it is essential to look at science and technology education and professional training. However, when we narrate histories of science and technology, we usually still present them as histories of discovery and innovation associated with research but not teaching. Despite all recent turns in history of science, historians still rarely look at teaching and training in schools, colleges and universities. History of education remains, by and large, a marginal field that is separated from history of science and technology and its discourses.    The neglect of science teaching and professional training, I claim, is related to the low esteem of teaching and training in academia in general. To relocate history of teaching from the periphery to the centre of history of science and technology could not only address the key position of teaching and training within science and technology but also make an important contribution to a muchneeded discourse on science teaching and its function in society. I would like to propose four necessary dislocations in the history of science in order to achieve these objectives:   Placing history of education and training in the centre of our understanding of history of science and technology   Acknowledge the diversity and heterogeneity of science and technology education and training   Placing material culture and practice in the centre of our histories of science and technology teaching   Provincializing Europe and North America in the history of science and technology teaching    About the Speaker : </p Roland Wittje is Associate Professor in history of science and technology at the Indian Institute of Technology Madras since June2015. He has studied physics and history of science in Germany and Norway, and taught history of science at the University of Regensburg before joining IITM. His research interests include the history of the physical sciencesand engineering in the late 19th and 20th century, scientific instruments, university collections, scientific practice and science education. His most recent book, "The Age of Electroacoustics: Transforming Science and Sound&qu;ot; is scheduledfor publicationwithMITPress in November .      We look forward to your presence and participation.    V.R.Muraleedharan  &  R.Swarnalatha  (Organizing Committee, R&D Lecture Series, HSS Dept.)                '

