From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
"students@list.iitm.ac.in" <students@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
9-4-2016

Thread ID:
153fb5b39eec7184

Subject:
Customer Feedback (Student) on Academic Section for JAN-MAY 2016
	Semester - Reg.

Body:
b'               If you have trouble viewing or submitting this form, you can  fill it out in Google Forms .    Customer Feedback (Student) on Academic Section for JANMAY 2016 Semester     Required         1. Are you informed in advance about the enrolment        Yes     No     NA       2. Are you informed about the fee payment well in advance        Yes     No     NA       3. Are you able to see the circular for makeup before the quizzes/end semester        Yes     No     NA       4. Are you able to get the makeup form from the Depts./ Academic Section easily        Yes     No     NA       5. Are you able to give the TeacherCourse Feedback easily during the TCF week        Yes     No     NA       6. Are you able to see the Time Table, Academic Calendar, slotwise listing of courses, your current registration of courses and grades for previous semester in the academic website.         Yes     No     NA          7. Are you able to do online course registration during the registration week        Yes     No     NA       8. Is the scholarship released/renewed in time        Yes     No     NA       9. Is the branch change intimation reached you well in advance (B.Tech &; Dual Degree students only)         Yes     No     NA          10. Performance of Academic Section with reference to usefulness of Academic web site,issue of bonafide / grade cards        Excellent  Very Good   Good    Average   Poor       11.Facility and information provided for payment of Semester Fee through Bill Desk        Excellent  Very Good   Good     Average     Poor       Roll No             Name             Programme                Never submit passwords through Google Forms.            Powered by     This content is neither created nor endorsed by Google.   Report Abuse    Terms of Service   Additional Terms    '

