From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
"students@smail.iitm.ac.in" <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
8-4-2016

Thread ID:
153fac4405e2807c

Subject:
Fw: UG/PG: Technical University of Munich 2016-2017

Body:
b'     Dear Students,           Link         The exchange application period for the winter term 2/17 at TUM has started and students are welcome to apply until 1 th  May 2016.    Semester dates:  The winter term starts on October 1 st , 2016 and ends on March 31 st , 2017. Courses will be from October  17 th , 2016 until February 6 th , 2017. Examinations depends on the TUM department, but often take place between February and end of March 2017. If you have questions about the time of examinations at TUM  please contact the TUM departmental coordinator (see point 4).   IMPORTANT: Earlier examinations for exchange students cannot be arranged!      The  deadline </b for TUM to receive students completed application documents  is   15 th  May 2016 . TUM will not be able to consider applications after this date.  For more detailed information regarding the application process please see the following link and attached  TUM fact sheet:     1. Nomination Students have to send a scanned copy of the Letter of Approval (signed by faculty advisor & HoD)on or before April 22 2016.   2 . Application documents Application forms and a list of supplementary documents can be found here:  TUMexchange:  Partner universities and other programs:  Completed application forms as well as their supplementary documents have to be posted to reach  by the application deadline to the following address:  Technische Universitaet Muenchen International Center / Incoming Arcisstr. 21  80333 Muenchen  Germany  Please DO NOT fax or email applications to TUM.  <u 3. German knowledge u At TUM many of the classes offered are conducted in German. If students undertake courses conducted in German and don\'t have a reasonable knowledge of German, they could have a problem studying there. Even if students will be attending lectures in English at TUM, a basic knowledge of the German language is recommended to make the most of the stay and make daily life in Munich a smoother and more enjoyable experience.  Therefore, TUM always recommends that their incoming exchange students participate in German courses: 1. G erman courses at TUM:   2. G erman courses at other institutions in Munich: #c1458    <u 4. Courses and language requirements If students have questions regarding courses and examinations dates at TUM, please contact the responsible departmental coordinator  directly. The coordinators all speak English!   All courses that are  offered at TUM are listed under the following link:    . Please do not register  in TUMonline, this application form is only for regular students.  The main number of courses (at least 60%) students are planning to attend at TUM need to be in the TUM department they will be registered in (at TUM)  To access the course catalogue, students  can switch the language to English in the top right hand corner and select ABcoursesBB in the search bar. If there are no courses listed for the semester students want to study in (which usually is the case as they are planning their studies in advance of faculty timetabling), they should just choose the same semester for which they are planning to come but for the previous year (the offered courses in each semester usually stay the same). Courses Conducted in English  can be found here  (or  directly contact the above mentioned departmental coordinator in charge).  Please note:  many coursesare only  held in German  not in English  and it is very important for students to confirm the language of instruction for the courses they intend enrolling in! In addition, the fact that a course description is written in English does not necessarily mean that the course is also taught in English! Students can find the course language within the course description. E0  For enrolling in German based courses, a German language level of at least B2 is recommended. If students plan to enroll in Englishbased courses, then an English language level of B2 is recommended.   Further steps: acceptance, admission letter,...  After receiving all students applications documents TUM will forward them to the concerned TUM department beginning of November, where the final decision of acceptance is made.  After students are accepted by the TUM department ,  they  will receive  their official TUM admission letters via email . This will be  from December  (not earlier)!  Within this admission letter they can find further information about next steps:  B7 &nb;sp; Every student at TUM needs to pay an amount of 114,50  /  semester : 52   " Student Union Fee and 62,50  solidary fee for the Semesterticket  (current price, an increase is possible!)  B7 &nb;sp; Additionally every student needs to have  proof of a   German national insurance  to enroll at TUM (if students are over 30 years old, they do not need an insurance policy ).   Attached you can find the fact sheet for the exchange program.      Mr. Arvind Sivamani  Liaison Officer (Outgoing Students)  International Relations  Office of International Relations l 2 nd Floor, IC & SR Building  Indian Institute of Technology Madras l Chennai  600 036 l INDIA  Tel: (91) 0442257 4928  Email: oir4@wmail.iitm.ac.in   Website:    '

