From:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

To:
"gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com" <gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com>

Date:
6-4-2016

Thread ID:
153dd9668285eb29

Subject:
Re: Gangasters Important: RG Data compilation

Body:
me too. :)


On Wed, Apr 6, 2016 at 3:54 PM, Samir Otiv <samirotiv@gmail.com wrote:

 Hi,
 Send me the response data.

 Samir.

 On Mon, Apr 4, 2016 at 12:55 AM, SHANTTAM JAIN <ch14b085@smail.iitm.ac.in
 wrote:

 Hi all
 The 4th years and 5th year ED junta, please compile your data seeing the
 responses of the RG form. I have already shared the response sheet with
 many final years, do take from your friends and if you have your own form
 take data from both hostel RG form and ur form and edit the content. Sit
 with your friends for editing and if you need any help in that, do inform
 me by sending a mail to my email id. Please send the edited content by 5th
 night or maximum by 6th April 12 noon so that it can be given
 for print after designing it further.
 Regards
 Shanttam Jain
 LitSec(elect.)

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
 "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
 email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 


 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
 "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
 email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 




 
MAHESH MEENA
Under Graduate Student
B.tech 4th year
Chemical Engineering
Indian Institute of Technology,Madras

 
 
You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
For more options, visit 


