From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
"students@smail.iitm.ac.in" <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
6-4-2016

Thread ID:
153ea20e5be8038f

Subject:
TODAY (April 6, Wed) at 6 pm: Leadership Lecture Series: Alumni
	Speak! Talk by our alums Shri. Prasanth Vasu ( BT- ME, '94 ) & Bharath
	Madhavan ( BT-ME, '94 ) in CLT

Body:
b"             Dear Students,      All are invited totoday's (Wed, April 6)lectureby our alums,  Shri. Prasanth Vasu ( BT ME, '94 ) & Shri.  Bharath Madhavan  ( BTME, '94 ),@ 6  pm in CLT .       Title :  HAIL  WHAT REALLY MATTERS?     Abstract: </p  Students of the prestigious Indian Institutes of Technology are without doubt, among the most intelligent in the country, if not in the world. What will it take for IITians to realize their full potential, live life with joy and leave a mark in the world?   Two of our Alums from the 1994 Mechanical Engg. batch of I.I.T. Madras, Prashanth Vasu and Bharath Madhavan will share their journey since their I.I.T days, associated learnings and perspectives. This unique and interactive, lecture demonstration format is entitled HAIL (Heartfulness  Aspiration, Inspiration and Life) &#8211; What Really Matters?   They will explain through their personal experiences what training they have found truly valuable in their lives  Heartfulness, which is an approach to relaxing oneself, regulating the mind and purifying the heart. They would like to convey that by adopting such a simple practice in selfdevelopment, students as talented as IITians have the opportunity to be not only successful but also fulfilled. They will provide a live experiential demonstration of Heartfulness.     Brief Bio : Prashanth is presently a Partner with McKinsey & Company and was a Governors Gold Medalist at IIT Madras in 1994. Bharat is currently a Chief Architect at Cisco, in the field of Video and Cloud Technologies and enjoyed the entirety of campus life, particularly, his times at Saras, during his IIT days. Listen, Share and Experience in this session HAIL  What Really Matters?  With regards.... Prof. R. Nagarajan Department of Chemical Engineering Dean, International & Alumni Relations IIT Madras email: deaniar@iitm.ac.in Phone: +91 9444008390 "

