From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
"seminars@list.iitm.ac.in" <seminars@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
4-4-2016

Thread ID:
153e4635f7930825

Subject:
[Seminars] A Research Talk "Non-cooperative dynamic games with
	inequality constraints" by Dr. Puduru Viswanatha Reddy, GERAD, Canada

Body:
b'     Please forward to the community     This is an invitation for a research talk by Dr.Puduru Viswanatha Reddy,Group for Research in Decision Analysis (GERAD), HEC MontrE9al, Canada, scheduled in DoMS 110, April 5, 2016 at 3 pm.     The details of the talk are     Title: Noncooperative dynamic games with inequality constraints   Abstract : Dynamic game theory, which deals with decision making processes involving multiple persons occurring over time, has been successfully used to study a large variety of problems in many fields, such as engineering, economics and management science. A significant share of these studies selected a linearquadratic dynamic game (LQDG) structure to model the situation at hand. The popularity of LQDGs is essentially due to two reasons. First, while being tractable, LQDGs capture interactions between the control and state variables of the different players and allow for a nonconstant return to scale, two features that occur quite naturally in many applications. The linear dynamics, which are a priori restrictive, are still considered an acceptable approximation of a possibly nonlinear specification. Second, LQDGs yield closedform expressions for equilibrium strategies, and importantly, theorems characterizing the existence and uniqueness of equilibria are available. In brief, the conceptual and methodological grounds of LQDGs are very much established and provide an attractive readyforuse framework for many applications.   In this work, we consider LQDGs where the players face equality and inequality constraints that jointly involve the state and control variables. Although such constraints are inherently present in many applications, there are no general results available on the existence and uniqueness of equilibria in constrained linearquadratic dynamic games (ConLQDGs). In this work, we characterize the existence of Nash equilibria under constrained openloop and constrained feedback information structures. In the openloop case, we show that the existence of constrained Nash equilibrium is closely related to the solvability of a parametric twopoint boundary value problem. In the feedback case, we show that the constrained feedback Nash equilibrium can be obtained from a feedback Nash equilibrium associated with an unconstrained parametric linearquadratic game. Further, with few additional assumptions, we show that the Nash equilibria, under both the informational settings, have a geometric interpretation as intersection of two parametric curves. Finally, for this class of games we show that the constrained Nash equilibria can be obtained as solutions of a single large scale linear complementarity problem.  Short Bio : Dr. Puduru Viswanadha Reddy is currently a postdoc at GERAD (Group for Research in Decision Analysis), HEC Montreal, Canada. He holds a Ph.D in Operations Research from Tilburg University, The Netherlands, M.S. from the University of Maryland, M.Sc (Engg) from the Indian Institute of Science and B.Tech from Sri Venkateswara University, Tirupati. His research interests are in the areas of dynamic optimization and game theory with applications in engineering (multiagent systems), management science (supply chains and advertising) and economics.  Thank you    Sincerely,      R K Amit, PhD</font   Assistant Professor   Department of Management Studies   Indian Institute of Technology Madras   Chennai 600 03                          '

