From:
iitmcse14@googlegroups.com

To:
"CS'11" <cs11iitm@googlegroups.com>, "CS'12" <iitmcse2012@googlegroups.com>, 
	"CS'13" <iitmcse2013@googlegroups.com>, "CS'14" <iitmcse14@googlegroups.com>

Date:
4-4-2016

Thread ID:
153e14a974d1f0f7

Subject:
Fwd: QuEST Global's Ingenium 2016- A University Relations Initiative
 is here

Body:
 Forwarded message 



Greetings from QuEST Global!



It gives me immense pleasure in writing to you about the launch of our
flagship event Ingenium 2016. Ingenium has grown leaps and bounds in the
last few years. It has become one of the most strategic ways through which
we hire our future QuESTians who graduate out of campus. The event is also
hugely acclaimed and celebrated by HR fraternity in various forums. So any
college across the country can apply for this event. If the projects
submitted by the students get shortlisted in the top 200 teams then they
will be invited for the placement drive ( after they meet the basic
educational criteria). So do let your students know that this is the forum
that they need to look out for.



To register follow the link : www.questingenium.com

Ingenium 2016



Ingenium 2015 was the most successful chapter. The event had more than
5700+ registrations from 26 states, 3 union territories and
participation by 760+ colleges which are unprecedented in its history.

It gives us immense pleasure to acknowledge your participation in the
previous year and we are thrilled by the support that your institution has
extended to Ingenium. This year, Ingenium 2016 will be a new chapter which
has grown bigger than ever before, gets even better bringing more dynamic
and varied participation with increased classleading industry
representation.

QuEST would like to take this opportunity to invite your institution to be
a part of Ingenium 2016. QuEST believes that through this initiative, we
can together not only bloom passion for the pathbreaking innovative ideas
amongst the student community across academic institutions in India, but
also create a platform for a level playing field for all colleges and tap
the potential of top talent from every corner of India.



INGENIUM CAMPUS AMBASSADOR PROGRAM (ICAP)

Technical knowledge with interpersonal managerial skills makes a student
complete and competitive in todayE2s world. In this direction our ot
her
initiative is Ingenium Campus Ambassador Program (ICAP). With ICAP we
believe in recognizing talent with good leadership and collaborative
skills. An Ingenium Campus Ambassador (ICA) would publicize and promote
QuEST Ingenium in their respective campus while proving to be a focal for
various participating teams in the institution.

ICAP is a proven platform to collaborate with numerous colleges across the
country while able to learn and work in an organizational framework. The
program recognizes well performing ICAE2s and incentivizes their eff
ort by
providing special passes to attend the final event.

Enclosed are fact sheets and posters of Ingenium 2016. Please place the
poster on the institutionE2s notice board, library or any other appr
opriate
location for students to get a view of Ingenium 2016.

To make this campaign successful, we are seeking support from prestigious
institutions like yours where budding minds are nurtured. We are very
hopeful that you will extend your support. We at QuEST are looking forward
to your positive response and hope the best teams get an opportunity to be
a part of this extravagant engineering platform.

Kindly visit  www.questingenium.com for an overview of Ingenium and ICAP.



Students can register to Ingenium through www.questingenium.com/portal.

We look forward to receiving active participation from your college. Should
you have any queries, please do not hesitate to contact our Ingenium Team
<ingenium@questglobal.com?subjectDIngenium%202016:%20Queries.












Gade Vamshi Kumar ReddyBranch Councilor 201516Department of Computer
Science and Engineering
Indian Institute of Technology Madras
+91 9043958285 <%2B91%209043958285


You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "
CS14" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an e
mail to iitmcse14+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
To post to this group, send email to iitmcse14@googlegroups.com.
To view this discussion on the web visit 
iitmcse14/CALmfTT_ARR5f7uPWwoHNV5LPB2OF2LXDsoa790rFrCmOkGQLuQ%40mail.gmail.
com.
For more options, visit 


