From:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

To:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

Date:
4-4-2016

Thread ID:
153dcd3b69213bb5

Subject:
Re: Gangasters HOSTEL NIGHT MENU POLL

Body:
@Sohit Jatain
Hi
First of all there is no point of saying about theme, the percentages were
correct. I won't share the entire sheet with here,  but the names and their
choices, I have send it to you now. Check ur mail and then you can ask each
one of them if any problem is there.
On 4 Apr 2016 14:10, "SOHIT JATAIN ma15c040" <ma15c040@smail.iitm.ac.in
wrote:

 The polling will be 100% transparent and will make sense if you will
 provide us the details of "who filled what" otherwise a random guy
 providing us with a random % which  makes no sense at all. The same thing
 happened during the theme selection.

 Sohit Jatain
 Graduate Student
 Department of Mathematics
 IIT Madras
 On 04Apr2016 2:00 PM, "Chirag Gupta" <chiraggupta1995@gmail.com wrote:

 On what basis is the first rice  curd rice and the first desert vanilla
 icecream decided

 On Sun, Apr 3, 2016 at 9:22 PM, DODDA SOWMITH KUMAR ee14b115 <
 ee14b115@smail.iitm.ac.in wrote:

 Hello everyone,
              We selected "Hotel Shelter" as caterer for hostel
 night.I am taking a poll for selecting menu for hostel night,so veg people
 please fill veg items only and nonveg people fill for nonveg items.This
 poll will be closed on 5th April  11:59 PM .Please choose your
 favorite dishes in this form ASAP.

      Open this link  HOSTEL NIGHT MENU POLL
 

 Cost for veg250 (unlimited)
 Cost for nonveg300 (unlimited)

 Get back to me for any further queries.

 Regards,
 Sowmith kumar,
 Electrical department,
 HHS(elected),
 Ganga Hostel.

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google
 Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
 an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 




 
 Chirag Gupta
 2nd year Undergraduate Student,
 Department of Civil Engineering,
 Indian Institute of Technology Madras.

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
 "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
 email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
 "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
 email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 


 
 
You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
For more options, visit 


