From:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

To:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

Date:
4-4-2016

Thread ID:
153dcd3b69213bb5

Subject:
Re: Gangasters HOSTEL NIGHT MENU POLL

Body:
Hi,
First price will basis on CCW basic menu.
Which has only one starter for non veg.
Because they are the only caterers which providing buffet in hostel night
other caterers will be providing limited.less number of menu because CCW
will decide the basic menu.I will also  forward  you people the basic menu
of the CCW.

Thanking you.

Regards.
R.Vinod kumar,
Health and Hygiene Secretary, Ganga,
Undergraduate third year,
Dept. of mechanical engg,
IIT Madras,chennai.

On Mon, Apr 4, 2016 at 2:02 PM, Chirag Gupta <chiraggupta1995@gmail.com
wrote:

 And also is everything unlimited including the deserts and why only so
 less number of items in the buffet.

 On Mon, Apr 4, 2016 at 2:00 PM, Chirag Gupta <chiraggupta1995@gmail.com
 wrote:

 On what basis is the first rice  curd rice and the first desert vanilla
 icecream decided

 On Sun, Apr 3, 2016 at 9:22 PM, DODDA SOWMITH KUMAR ee14b115 <
 ee14b115@smail.iitm.ac.in wrote:

 Hello everyone,
              We selected "Hotel Shelter" as caterer for hostel
 night.I am taking a poll for selecting menu for hostel night,so veg people
 please fill veg items only and nonveg people fill for nonveg items.This
 poll will be closed on 5th April  11:59 PM .Please choose your
 favorite dishes in this form ASAP.

      Open this link  HOSTEL NIGHT MENU POLL
 

 Cost for veg250 (unlimited)
 Cost for nonveg300 (unlimited)

 Get back to me for any further queries.

 Regards,
 Sowmith kumar,
 Electrical department,
 HHS(elected),
 Ganga Hostel.

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google
 Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
 an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 




 
 Chirag Gupta
 2nd year Undergraduate Student,
 Department of Civil Engineering,
 Indian Institute of Technology Madras.




 
 Chirag Gupta
 2nd year Undergraduate Student,
 Department of Civil Engineering,
 Indian Institute of Technology Madras.

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
 "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
 email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 


 
 
You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
For more options, visit 


