From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
"seminars@list.iitm.ac.in" <seminars@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
1-4-2016

Thread ID:
153d045a255e642b

Subject:
[Seminars] Reminder: Seminar notice: April 01, 11 am, at ED 103

Body:
b'       A gentle reminder about the following seminar:           Dear Students/Colleagues,     You are cordially invited to the following seminar.     Title:A brief overview of activities in the robotics and design lab at IISc   Speaker: Professor Ashitava Ghosal,  &n;bsp;  Department of Mechanical Engineering, and      &nbs;p;   Centre for Product Design and Manufacturing      &nbs;p;   Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore    Date: April 01, 2016   Time: 11:0012:00 hrs   Venue: ED 103 (Conference Room, Ground floor)         The abstract of the talk and a brief biography of the speaker is given below.   Abstract  The Robotics and Design Laboratory at IISc Bangalore is involved in analysis and design of robots and other mechanical systems. In this talk, some of the recent research activities and projects, completed and continuing, will be presented.    About the speaker    <span styleD"fontfamily:\'Times New Roman\',Times,serif"Ashitava Ghosal completed his PhD from Stanford University, California in 1986 and, since 1988, has been at IISc Bangalore. He is currently a Professor in the Mechanical Engineering Department and the Centre for Product Design and Manufacturing.  <span styleD"fontfamily:\'Times New Roman\',Times,serif"His broad research areas are kinematics, dynamics, control and design of robots and other computer controlled mechanical systems. His current interests are in design of biomedical devices and tools for minimally invasive surgery, analysis and design of parallel mechanisms for tracking the sun for concentrated solar power systems and product design. He has authored a text book titled Robotics: Fundamental Concepts and Analysis by Oxford University Press. span   He has published 60 archival journal papers, 70 papers in national and international conferences and has 3 patents. He has guided 9 PhDs and more than 50 Masters students. More information about him is available at ~asitava .\x08;    Best regards,   Sandipan    Dr. Sandipan Bandyopadhyay  Assistant Professor  Department of Engineering Design  Indian Institute of Technology Madras  Chennai 600 036  Phone: +91 44 2257 4733  Web: ~sandipan  '

