From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
"students@smail.iitm.ac.in" <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>,
	"btech@smail.iitm.ac.in" <btech@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
28-3-2016

Thread ID:
153c08ca6ec8b5f5

Subject:
Tomsk Polytechnic University Russia- Contest "Your First Success"

Body:
b'     Dear Students,    Tomsk Polytechnic University is a National Research university which places special emphasis on advanced engineering education, creation of resourceefficient technologies, internationalization and integration of research and academic activities.  TPU was founded in 1896 and it is the second in ranking of the Russian Ministry of Education and Science.TPU offers a number of degree programs mostly in Russian and partly in English language. You can find information about TPU at     The Contest "Your First Success" is aimed to provide 10 State academic Scholarships of Russia exclusively for education at TPU Master Degree Programs in English.  Tomsk Polytechnic University proposes 2 programs to IITM students:  1. "Biomedical Sciences and Engineering" (the program is about all forms of Medical Tomography), developed in cooperation with Siberian State Medical University  2. "Nuclear Power Installation Operation" (the program is about Nuclear Reactor Operation),developed in cooperation with Rosatom State Corporation    All tests will include 30 questions: 10 questions in Math, 10 questions in Physics, and 10 questions in specific field of particular program (Electronics for the first program and Nuclear Physics for the second program). </strong  The maximum time for Contest is 50 min. (+10 min. for introduction).  The scholarships will be granted on compertative base.    Venue: MRC  Date : March 29th  Time: 5.00 p.m.  6.00 p.m.     As a development of Indo Russian Friendship in the field of education &; research,The Committee of TPU decided to provide special TPU contest "Your first success" for state academic scholarships for TPU Master Degree programs in English,  1. State Academic Scholarship was confirms for 10 Indian students to study at TPU at 5 Master Degree Programs in  English   (except Petroleum Engineering). PhD programs are also available, but only for study in Russian medium with Pruniversity course of Russian  2. The Contest will be organized by Tomsk Polytechnic University under the direct guidance of Institute of International education. 4 TPU departments(Institutes) were involved in preparing of the Contest (Institute of High Technology Physics,Institute of Cybernetics,Institute of Physics and Technology,Institute of NonDestructive Testing)      IITM students are also very welcome to participate in the international Contest "it\'s time to study in Russia" launched by Russian universities in 2013.  TPU is coordinator of this Contest in India. 5 Scholarships for Master Degree program "Computer Science" (in Russian) will be available (one year of Preuniversity course will be included for free). The Contest will be organized in RCSC Chennai in 45 April.    With regards  Kavitha                  K avitha G.R (Ms )  Manager    International Relations Office of International Relations l   2 nd Floor, IC & SR Building   I ndian Institute of Technology Madras  l  Chennai    600 036 l  INDIA Tel : (91) 0442257 4926  I  Fax : (91) 0442257 4927  I  Cell : 9444 536574 Email : oir@iitm.ac.in  I Website :  <span styleD"color:windowtext; textdecoration:none" '

