From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
"seminars@list.iitm.ac.in" <seminars@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
27-3-2016

Thread ID:
153bb3d509c73747

Subject:
[Seminars] R & D lecture on 29th March(Tuesday,
	4-5 pm) on Angus Deaton's Contributions to Economics and India's
	Development

Body:
b'           Dear Colleagues:        You are cordially invited to an R&D lecture on      Angus Deaton\'s Contributions to Economics and India\'s Development      By    Professor T.N.Srinivasan p  Distinguished Professor, Indian Institute of Technology Madras  On 29th March 2016  Venue: HSB 356,4pm to5pm        Abstract  (extract from Nobel Committee\'s Statement):Deaton receives this year\'s Prize in Economic Sciences for three related achievements: the system for estimating the demand for different goods that he and John Muellbauer developed around 1980; the studies of the link between consumption and income that he conducted around 1990; and the work he has carried in later decades on measuring living standards and poverty in developing countries with the help of household surveys. On Deaton\'s many contributions to India, a good example is his paper with Abhijit Banerjee and EstherDuflo, "Wealth, Health, and Health Services in Rural Rajasthan\' in American Economic Review, Vol94, no.2, May 2004.            About the Speaker : Prof. T. N. Srinivasan is a Ph.D.in Economics from Yale University. He has a Masters degree in Economics also from Yale, Masters in Mathematics from Madras University and a Certificate of TwoYear Professional Training in Statistics from the Indian Statistical Institute, Calcutta.    He is Samuel C. Park, Jr. Professor of Economics Emeritus and Professor Emeritus in International and Area Studies at Yale University. He is a Distinguished Professor (20142019) at the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras. Formerly a Professor, and later Research Professor, at the Indian Statistical Institute, Delhi (19641977), he has taught at numerous universities in the US. His research interests include the Indian Economy, International Trade, Development, Agricultural Economics, Law and Economics, and Microeconomic Theory. He has published extensively in these areas.    He is a Foreign Associate Member of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States and Fellow of the American Philosophical Society, the Econometric Society and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. He was named Distinguished Fellow of the American Economic Association in 2003 and was awarded the Padma Bhushan, the third highest civilian award of the Government of India in 2007. In 1975 he was awarded the Mahalanobis Memorial Medal (International Award) of the Indian Econometric Society.  His recent book on India was  Growth, Sustainability and Indias Economic Reforms  published in 2 by Oxford India. His other books on India include Economic Reform in India: Challenges, Prospects and Lessons (codited with N.Hope, A.Kochar and R. Noll, Cambridge Unversity Press, 2014),  Reintegrating India with the World Economy  with Suresh D. Tendulkar in 2003 Eight Lectures on Indias Economic Reforms , (New Delhi, Oxford University Press, 2000), Agriculture, Growth and Redistribution of Income:  Policy Analysis with a General Equilibrium Model of India , coauthored with N. S. S. Narayana and K. Parikh, (Amsterdam: North Holland and Bombay: Allied&nbs;p; Publishers, 1991) and Foreign Trade Regimes and Economic Development:  India , coauthored with Jagdish Bhagwati, (Columbia University Press, New York, NY, 1975),&nbs;p; He has coedited several books including Federalism and Economic Reform: span  International Perspectives , coedited with Jessica Seddon Wallack (New York: Cambridge UP, 2006), Frontiers in Applied General Equilibrium Modeling: Essays in Honor of Herbert Scarf, coedited with Timothy J. Kehoe and John Whalley (New York: Cambridge UP, 2005),  Poverty and Income Distribution in India , coedited with P. K. Bardhan, (Statistical Publishing Society, Calcutta, India, 1974), and Scheduling the Operations of the Bhakra System , coauthored with B. S. Minhas, K. S. Parikh, S. A. Marglin and T. E. Weisskopf, (Statistical Publishing Society, Calcutta, India, 1972).    We look forward to your presence and participation.    V.R.Muraleedharan  &  R.Swarnalatha  (Organizing Committee, R&D Lecture Series, HSS Dept.)               Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedomsto choose ones attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose ones own way .  Viktor Frankl          '

