From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
"seminars@list.iitm.ac.in" <seminars@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
27-3-2016

Thread ID:
1539c6809cc65704

Subject:
[Seminars] Talk by Dr. Rusi Taleyarkhan ( BT-ME , '77), Professor,
	Colleges of Engineering and Science, Purdue University, on Mar 28,
	2016 @ 5 pm, IC & SR auditorium

Body:
b"         Dear Colleagues,    You are invited to tomorrow's  (Monday, March 28)  lecture by  Dr. Rusi Taleyarkhan ( BTME , '77), Professor, Colleges of Engineering and Science, Purdue University @ 5 pm, IC & SR Auditorium .        Title  :FemtotoMacro Scale Engineering Applications Covering CommercialResearchEducational Opportunities via NuclearCentric Technologies    Abstract    The nuclear sciences based technology footprint (in the USA alone) is estimated at over $500B (~25% of India's GDP), not even including the nuclear defense and security sectors; this footprint covers arenas as wide as energy, medicinal imagingtherapysterilization, radiography, agriculture, propulsion, industrial (e.g., aluminumsteel, LNG) safety from explosions, environmental effluent detoxification and remediation, food preservation, genetics and general industrial applications spanning superconductivity, thermal (e.g., CHF) performance enhancements during boiling, newsprint metering, polymerizing, molecular structural designs and even areas as mundane as shrink tubing, wrinklefree clothing and superhydrophilicity. It is virtually impossible to find a discipline that does not benefit from nuclear based sciences and related technologies. The speaker has led and conducted research for over  years in academia, industry and government in a multitude of these arenas. His talk will provide a broadbased introduction into these cited areas and then focus on developing collaborative opportunities with IITM in several of his research groups multidisciplinary technologies, currently under commercialization (by SagamoreAdams Laboratories, LLC) pertaining to novel sensors for use in energysecurity sectors, general engineering physics education, combating lung cancer, environmental monitoring, cavitation control in fluid systems, and development of VOCfree, biodegradable, radiation tailored polymers deployed in the construction, auto, etc. industries.      Prof. Rusi Taleyarkhan (BioSketch)&nb;sp;    Rusi Taleyarkhan received his B.Tech. in Mech. Engr. in 1977 from IITM, India followed with an Masters in Business Administration (MBA) and Ph.D in Nuclear Engineering by 1982 from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, NY, USA. He has since worked as Senior Engineer with Westinghouse Electric. Corp. through  after which he spent over 17 years where he was Program Director and Distinguished R&D Engineer at U.S.DOEs Oak Ridge National Laboratory conducting and leading energy, defense and energy related projects  both classified and unclassified. He joined Purdue University in 2003 as Professor of Nuclear Engineering where he teaches and conducts multidisciplinary research. He also serves as Chief Technology Officer of S/A Laboratories, LLC a venture capital based startup dedicated towards commercialization of technologies resulting from his research group related to: combating nuclear terrorism, thermonuclear fusion energy, materials synthesis, greenchemistry based coatings and adhesives tailored via radiation polymerization, novel metastable statebased nuclear particle sensors for homes (e.g., Radon monitors), environmental assessments, and for FossilNuclear Power plants, explosive burstbased hydrogen production / supercooled powders, and cavitation prevention in fluid systems. He has published over 175 articles in the archival literature, and has received over 25 invention awards besides numerous industry and govt. recognitions. During 2004 his work was declared by Science News as Top 10 science discoveries and, by the Energy Times as Worlds Top 6 MustDo research projects for the 21st Century. Prof. Taleyarkhan has consulted extensively for various national and international bodies. He is a Fellow of the American Nuclear Society, and Honorary Fellow of the Russian Academy of Sciences; member of ASME, TMS,.., and past Editor of Nuclear Safety journal.        With regards....  Prof. R. Nagarajan  Department of Chemical Engineering Dean, International & Alumni Relations IIT Madras  email: deaniar@iitm.ac.in Phone: +91 9444008390           "

