From:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

To:
gangastersiitm@googlegroups.com

Date:
23-3-2016

Thread ID:
153a2a9d7addcb0a

Subject:
Re: Gangasters No water in big near 464

Body:
Hi,
I myself can only inform hostel office and pain them to sort things out as
soon as possible. Anyways I think the problem has been resolved.

Also, the water tank connected to it is getting cleaned. That may be a
reason for no water there today..

I assure you, its not like the hostel office is not doing anything about
it. We are trying whatever we can to fix the problems.

About the Separate thread, I am also not sure what is happening, we are
also suffering from mosquitoes attack. HHS is trying his best to resolve
the problem. And you should know that it takes time to get more number of
nets of ordered size. So, please bear with us a little while longer.


Regards
Punit Mahipal
Hostel General Secretary
Ganga Hostel
On 23Mar2016 2:18 pm, "Aarkesh Venkat" <aarkvenkat@gmail.com wrote:

 Respected hostelmen

 The water in the bog adjacent to room number 464 has been stopped/isn't
 there for the last 4 days.
 The issue has been brought to the notice of the hostel office on the very
 1st day. Also the Gen Sec has been personally informed about the same.
 This bog houses a washing machine which lays impotent because of this lack
 of availability of water supply to it.
 Hence we the people of Ganga Hostel and especially the top floor dwellers
 request the GS to sort out the said issue. Reading a separate thread give a
 me the impression that the HHS doesn't care about us underprivileged top
 floor boarders, though I wouldn't mind reconsidering my opinion given
 further evidence. Hence the GS is expected to do this as a parting favour
 so as to not earn the disappointment of us top floor tenents.

 Thanking you

 Regards
 Aarkesh

 PS  Writing a HS paper taught me how to complicate a simple issue good
 fixing the bog and hence I wanted to share my agony with you all.

 
 
 You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
 You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
 "gangastersiitm" group.
 To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
 email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
 For more options, visit 


 
 
You received this message because you are a member of 'Ganga Hostel'.

 
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gangastersiitm" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to gangastersiitm+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
For more options, visit 


