From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
"seminars@list.iitm.ac.in" <seminars@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
22-3-2016

Thread ID:
1539e3cac502a6ca

Subject:
[Seminars] Synopsis lecture on March 22, 2016 at 03:00 pm

Body:
b'     Dear Colleagues and Students    On behalf of   Prof Ramachandra Rao MS  You are welcome to attend the \'Synopsis lecture\' by Ramanjaneyulu, M (PH10D005) on 22.03.2016 (Tuesday) at 03:00 pm in HSB 209 (Physics department seminar room).  Title: "Dual acceptor (P&N) codoped ZnO thin films and nanostructures for optoelectronic application".  Abstract: ZnO is one of the most promising materials for optoelectronic applications in UVblue region because of its wide bandgap (~ 3.37 eV) at room temperature. ZnO is suitable for many applications such as piezoelectric nanogenerators, optoelectronics, sensors, and transparent conducting electrodes. To realize optoelectronic applications such as UV LEDs and UV lasers, both n and ptype conducting ZnO thin films are necessary. It is easy to realize ntype ZnO thin films due to native defects such as oxygen vacancies (VO) and zinc interstitials (Zni) present in ZnO, while realizing pZnO is a challenging task. The possible elements to get ptype ZnO are group I and group V elements. Dual acceptor codoping is a promising method to realize stable ptype conduction in ZnO, because, in this we dope two different acceptors simultaneously to increase the holes in the system. In the present study, we have used the dual acceptor codoping with P and N in ZnO to realize low resistive and stable ptype ZnO film.  We have fabricated P, N codoped ZnO thin films by pulsed laser deposition. Hall effect measurements confirm ptype conduction. We have explored defect related visible luminescence using excitation dependent photoluminescence studies. Effect of rapid thermal annealing (RTA) on structural, electrical and optical properties was studied. RTA effectively helped to recover the hole carriers partially in P, N codoped ZnO when the conduction type of the film changed to ntype and XPS measurement clearly shown N acceptors passivation by H. Undoped and P doped ZnO nanostructures were grown under both Ar and N2 gas atmospheres using PLD. Structural, microstructural and cathodeluminescence studies are conducted. All these results will be presented and discussed in detailed.  Chairman: Prof. V. Sankaranarayanan  With best wishes  MSR     M S Ramachandra Rao Department of Physics/NFMTC/MSRC                  '

