From:
Dean IAR <deaniar@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"students@smail.iitm.ac.in" <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
13-11-2016

Thread ID:
1585c2f327d97751

Subject:
Gandhian Young Technological Innovation Awardees	- IIT Madras

Body:
b'     fyi....       With regards....  Prof. R. Nagarajan  Department of Chemical Engineering Dean, International & Alumni Relations IIT Madras  email: deaniar@iitm.ac.in Phone: +91 9444008390                                    From:  Prof. Anil K. Gupta < anilg@techpedia.in   Sent:  Saturday, November 12, 2016 5:03 PM  Subject:  Gandhian Young Technological Innovation Awardees  IIT Madras       Greetings from Techpedia  SRISTI !  I am happy to inform you that Gandhian Young Technological Innovation  (GYTI) Award has successfully completed five years of its journey and has recognized 181 innovators across the country, since 2012.   I heartily congratulate IIT Madras Community for their sterling performance in technology innovations. So far 9 students/teams from IIT Madras have won the prestigious GYTI Award. It reflects the innovation ecosystem being nurtured by the Institute. Please accept my complements.   Techpedia  GYTI : SRISTI celebra tes the spirit of students innovation in the fields of engineering and technology by maintaining a single point database called Techpedia.in, hosting more than 1,90,000 student projects (and the number is increasing). With the goal of thepromoting these innovations, SRISTI celebrates the spirit of innovations by honouring outstanding innovative projects of the students, with GYTI awards, annually hosted by President of India  atRashtrapati Bhavan, New Delhi. We very much appreciate and value the enthusiastic participation by IIT Madras in GYTI awards. It is only because of their innovation capabilities and endeavour that 9 student innovators from IIT Madras have won the award andgrants, so far (attached please find the list of awardees for your ready reference). As previous years, this year also we are inviting the entries for GYTI 20162017, and expect an overwhelming response and participation from IIT Madras. I invite you to be a part of our expedition. Please circulate the attached poster for GYTI awards among all students and faculties. I will also request you to please circulate the material on IIT Madras social media channels. It will be a great help. I look forward to your kind support in this endeavour. Thanking you and with personal regards, Prof. Anil K. Gupta  Coordinator, SRISTI  Founder, Honey Bee Network Professor, Indian Institute ofManagement, Ahmedabad      List of IIT Madras awardees         Student Name    Title Of the Innovation  Supervisor Name</span   Award Year   Mannam Naga Praveen Babu  BioInspired Flapping Near Surface Underwater Vehicle  Prof. Krishnankutty. P   2016</span    Anand Parikh  NStomoz  Vascular anastomosis assist device  Prof Venkatesh Balasubramanian; Dr V B Narayanamurthy   2016</span    Avisek barla  Paper microfluidic chip     2016</span    sripriya kalidoss  Affordable powerassist for wheelchair  Dr. Sujatha Srinivasan   2015</span    Kranthi Kumar Maniam  Development of Shape Controlled Palladium Structures as Electrocatalysts for Fuel Cell Applications  Dr.Raghuram Chetty   2015</span    Praveena Gangadharan  Novel technique for energy generation coupled with treatment of wastewater and resource recovery using Ewaste as electrode material in Microbial Fuel Cell  Dr. Indumathi M Nambi   2015</span    M.S.Raghu Prasad  Virtual Reality Based Minimally Invasive Surgical Simulator with Haptics Feedback</span  Manivannan M   2015</span    Abhishek Khanolkar  Lowcost Diagnosis of Pneumonia  Vikram Shete   2014</span    Sai Vijay Gole  Spectral Eye      2013</span     <font sizeD"4" faceD"times new roman, serif" Poster of GYTI 2017 : Click here. <font sizeD"4" Gandhian Young Technological Innovation Award 2017  Gandhian Young Technological Innovation Awards | Teaser  '

