From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
"seminars@list.iitm.ac.in" <seminars@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
17-3-2016

Thread ID:
15388119e5a914c0

Subject:
[Seminars] Talk on "Managing Water for Global Food Security" by
	Prof.Chittaranjan Ray

Body:
b'     Dear Colleagues and Students,  Prof.Chittaranjan Ray, Director, Nebraska Water Center will be delivering a talk titled "Managing Water for Global Food Security"  Venue: EWRE seminar hall Date: March 18 (Friday) Time: 3:30PM  Abstract of the talk is given below.  Kind regards Balaji   Managing Water for Global Food Security  Chittaranjan Ray  Director, Nebraska Water Center  Robert B. Daugherty Water for Institute  Professor of Civil Engineering  University of Nebraska  20 Transformation Drive, Suite 3220  Lincoln, NE 68588  Ph: 4024723305, email: cray@nebraska.edu      The current world population of 7 billion is expected to reach 9.5 billion in 2050. Most of the growth will occur in Africa followed by Asia. With the rise of income, the calorie intake is also increasing. Thus more food and feed will be needed with time. Sustaining a high rate of food production will require improved efficiency in irrigation, use of hybrids and fertilizers, and alternative energy sources for irrigation and other agricultural activities. Most countries will try to reduce the yield gaps (difference between the current yield and potential maximum yield). Efforts are currently underway in many foodinsecure countries to examine the magnitude of the yield gap, such as the Global Yield Gap Atlas project of the Food and Agriculture Organization. Sophisticated crop models accounting for soil, climatic information, management (irrigation or rainfed), hybrids, and fertilizer addition can estimate the potential maximum yield from a given location. Enhancement of production in the field is achieved with highefficiency irrigation systems (such as lowpressure sprinkler systems using groundwater as the primary water source) along with appropriate fertilization and the use of plant protection chemicals. Energy for irrigation can be produced more efficiently and economically by using alternatives such as wind and solar power in certain sections of the grids, or by using natural gas as it becomes more abundant. The Great Plains region of the United States, with its high efficiency irrigation systems will continue to serve as a food basket for the world. For sustainable production, we need to work within the constraints of groundwater availability, streamflow depletion, groundwater contamination, and greenhouse gas emission. High efficiency production systems in the Great Plains states, accounting for these limitations will be needed to meet the food demands of the growing population in the next decades. For Indian scenario, constraints in energy and water to achieve high efficiency food production systems and potential means to alleviate these will be discussed.     ABalaji Narasimhan, PhDA.  &#'

