From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
"seminars@list.iitm.ac.in" <seminars@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
16-3-2016

Thread ID:
1537fce0d5de3527

Subject:
[Seminars] Reminder: Dept. of Physics Brahmagupta Colloquium by
	Prof. Jan M. Rost, Director,
	MPI Dresden *TODAY* Wed. 16th March at 5pm in CLT

Body:
b"     Dear all,       Today's Brahmagupta Colloquium will be delivered by Prof. Jan M. Rost, Director of MPI for the physics of complex systems, Dresden. Please see the details of the talk below.   All the best,   Jim     TITLE: Short Time Spans in Ultrafast Science    SPEAKER: Prof. Jan M. Rost    AFFILIATION: Max Planck Institute for the Physics of Complex Systems, Dresden, Germany    DAY, DATE AND TIME: Wednesday 16th of March at 5pm [Tea and snack at 4:45pm]    VENUE: Central Lecture Theatre    ABSTRACT: Attosecond Science and increasingly ultrafast Xray science has been changing our perspective on microscopic phenomena on the scale of bound electron motion. Recent debates concern attosecond time delays in photoionization and electron tunneling. These examples demonstrate the need for an understanding, which can only come from theoretical concepts beyond the solution of the timedependent SchrF6dinger equation. They also illustrate the complementary aspect of attosecond light pulses: as a mean to timeresolve ultrashort processes and as a source of broadband coherent light.  This talk will focus on the timeresolving photo processes. How long does photoionization take? We will discuss the concepts behind the streaking measurements of XUV photoionization and the attoclock measurements of tunneling ionization and propose a concept quantumclassical fidelity, to determine ultrashort time spans.  In the last part of the talk we scrutinize time itself and ask why it has classical character, even in the SchrF6dinger equation.  ABOUT THE SPEAKER: Prof. Rost received his PhD in Physics from the University of Freiburg, Germany in 1990. He then spent time in the US at both Harvard and the University of Washington before returning to Freiburg to complete his Habilitation in 1995. He was a fellow of the Institute for Advanced Studies, Berlin, studying the origin of time, before joining MPI for the Physics of Complex System, Dresden in 1999, where he is currently the Director. He is also the Professor for Theoretical Quantum Dynamics at TU Dresden. His research interests are the theory of excited quantum systems in the ultracold and ultrafast domains, with a focus on ultracold excitonic Rydberg physics. Highlights among the many scientific leadership roles undertaken by Prof. Rost are being the EditorinChief of the Journal of Physics B and the Head of the Chemistry, Physics and Technology section of the Max Planck Society.     "

