From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
"Students@list.iitm.ac.in" <Students@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
11-3-2016

Thread ID:
1536ee8946252c86

Subject:
Fw: Registration open-Agenda for Survival June 1-30,2016

Body:
b'         FYI   Sent from my mobile device       From:  Ranjita Menon <cse@equitywatch.org  Sent:  11 Mar 2016 12:01  To:  Sudhir Chella Rajan  Subject:  Registration openAgenda for Survival June 130,2016      Dear Chella Rajan,  Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) is now accepting applications for the 2016 summer course Agenda for Survival. Held each June, this year from Wed 1 st to Thurs, 30 th , this four week innovative program gives the youth of India an opportunity to evaluate issues that lie at the interface of environment and development; poverty; democracy, equity and justice.  This residential course is open to applicants between the ages of 1825 from all streams. It is an opportunity for them to interrogate policy makers & activists, hear leading academics, policy pundits, lawyers, learn from the grassroots communities and CSEs research and advocacy team. One of the highlights of the course is the fieldbased module that helps participants explore the communityledecorestoration efforts of rural India.  Some of the topics dealt with during the month are  State of Indias Environment; Climate Change; Urban Growth challenges; Field visits and Reporting.  There are several assignments embedded in the programme plan, like case study evaluation, campaign plan to name a few. These are designed to help participants to polish their communication skills, field based reporting and writing to understand environment as a subject of coverage. The participants also publish their own magazine at the end of the course with the help of CSEs publication unit. In year 2015 they developed a website and magazine called Footprint. Click on this link to see the magazine and website  The fee of Rs26,000/ covers cost of the course, food and stay (shared accommodation) at a walking distance from the training venue. Special discount will be offered for students of faculty who attended Knowledge Conclave organized by CSE on Jan 28  29, 2016. Students will have to provide the name of the Faculty who attended the Conclave. We also offer Kamla Chowdhry Fellowships to select outstation candidates to support stay in Delhi.  Please do ask your students to apply by clicking here . If they are unable to do so, pleaseask them to copy this link  &nbsp;and paste it on search bar.  To get detailed information about prior courses held and alumni do visit the weblink given here   We look forward to your college students attending this summer school which promises to be a great learning experience for the students.</span  For any query please do get in touch with Sharmila Sinha ( sharmila@cseindia.org ) Deputy Prog Manager Env Education Unit and me ( ranjita@cseindia.org ).  Thank you, Ranjita Menon Programme Director, Environment Education Unit           Click Here  to unsubscribe from this newsletter.     '

