From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
"faculty@list.iitm.ac.in" <faculty@list.iitm.ac.in>,
	"students@list.iitm.ac.in" <students@list.iitm.ac.in>,
	"announce@list.ac.in" <announce@list.ac.in>

Date:
11-3-2016

Thread ID:
1536ee849bd15492

Subject:
The Tech Saloon today: Featuring two IITM-Incubated Companies

Body:
b'      Dear colleagues and students,  A gentle reminder about the Tech Saloon event today. We hope to see you at :30 at the RP auditorium.  Best, Krishna     From: Krishna Jagannathan  Sent: FD05FD03FD2016 11:33  To: alumni ; seminars@list.iitm.ac.in  Subject: [Seminars] The Tech Saloon on March 11: Featuring two IITMIncubated Companies span    Dear friends,    For the March edition of the Tech Saloon, we will be showcasing two companies incubated at the IIT Madras Incubation Cell: Docsapp  &  Planys .    This event will be held on the  11th of March  at IIT Madras Research Park, starting at 6:30pm . Each company will be giving a 30 minute talk (including questions) about their work. As usual, the talks will be followed by a high tea at the venue to encourage attendees to chat with the speakers and other attendees.    We request you to subscribe to our events at      Thanks,  Krishna    Satish Kannan from DocsApp    Satish is CEO & Cofounder of DocsApp, a mobile health tech start up which enables users to have a hasslefree consultation with MD specialist doctor with in 30 minutes at the comfort of their home. Satish comes with experience in healthcare through his previous stint at Philips healthcare. He holds a BTech /MTech dual degree from IIT Madras.    About the Startup:    DocsApp is an online doctor consultation app that makes sure that doctors are easily accessible to the patients. The thought behind the entire concept is to make the healthcare industry more efficient and accessible to the commoners. Their mantra is #NoAppointment #NoTravel #NoWaiting  for doctor consultation. So no more waiting in line, or travelling long distances to meet the specialist. The doctor, is just a click away.    It is like Whatsapp for patients and doctors. Apart from consultations, patients can also get diagnostic tests done at home. Currently DocsApp provides consultation in the following fields of Psychiatry, Derma, Gynecology, General Medicine & Pediatrics.    Tanuj Jhunjhunwala from Planys    Tanuj Jhunjhunwala is a 2014batch alumnus from IIT Madras with Bachelors in Mechanical Engineering and Masters in Product Design. Tanuj is Cofounder and CEO at Planys Technologies and currently leads business development and marketing at Planys. As an engineering student at IITM, Tanuj was involved in various interdisciplinary technical projects and competitions in the field of robotics. His Masters research on Underwater Remote Operated Vehicle for Structural Health Monitoring of Submerged pipelines earned him the Bhagya Lakshmi and Krishna Iyenger Award along with JC Bose Patent award at IITM Convocation 2014. Tanuj was the CoCurricular Affairs Secretary of IITM in 2013 and led the organizing team of Shaastra 2014. Professionally, he has earlier worked with TATA Motors (R&D), Maschinenfabrik Reinhausen (Germany), TVS motors (R&D) and BMW India.    About the Startup:    Planys Technologies Pvt Ltd is an IIT Madras incubated company that provides underwater robotic inspection, exploration and environmental survey services using indigenously manufactured underwater robots (also called remotely operated Vehicles (ROVs)). Founded by IITM Alumni and Faculty, Planys covers the whole breadth of automated inspection solutions starting from customized design and fabrication of robotic platforms to integrated sensing and diagnostics. Planys integrates advanced marine robotics with the nextgeneration inspection techniques (NDT) to provide safe inspection solution for the shipping and O&G sectors. Planys is the first and currently the only OEM of ROVs in India.      '

