From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

To:
"seminars@list.iitm.ac.in" <seminars@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
8-3-2016

Thread ID:
15355a3f38f3a4a0

Subject:
[Seminars] Reminder: R & D lecture ( 8/3/2016) on " How to do
	Things with Bits and Bytes"

Body:
b'                               Dear Colleagues,      You are cordially invited to an R & D lecturetitled Howtodo&n;bsp;ThingswithBitsandBytes by  Dr. Mathangi Krishnamurthy who will speak about  the meaning of information in an urban India where Information Technology (IT) is a ubiquitous term, in ordertounderstandand&n;bsp; explore the kind of desires that animate workers participation in the Indian call center industry.    Please&nb;sp;dojoin us at the Department of HumanitiesandSocial Sciences onTuesday, the 8thof March, 2016, from 45 pm for what promisestobe an excellentanalysis of the manner in which  Urban space in cohortwithIT work has become the communicative springboard for an optimistic future even as such a vision sidelines everyday danger, small apocalypses,anderosion of the cityandthe workers body.  Please circulate this widelyandbring along your friendsandcolleagues.      Speaker: Dr.Mathangi Krishnamurthy  Tuesday,8th March , 2016, 45 pm    HSB 356, Dept. of HumanitiesandSocial Sciences, IIT Madras    About the Speaker:   Mathangi Krishnamurthy is currently Assistant Professor at the Department of HumanitiesandSocial Sciences at IIT Madras. She received her PhD in Anthropologywitha portfolio in Cultural Studies from The University of Texas at Austin after which she was awarded a Postdoctoral Fellowship from theAndrew Mellon Foundation at the University of Wisconsin, Madison. She has published articles in the Anthropology of Work Reviewandher essay on accentandlanguage training in the call center is part ofandedited volume on the changing modalities of English language usage in India. Krishnamurthy holds degrees from Pune University, Mudra Institute of Communications, Ahmedabad,andThe University of Texas at Austin. Her work has been supported by grants from the National Science Foundation, the American Association of University Women,andthe South Asia Institute at the University of Texas at Austin. Her primary research interests are in the anthropology of globalizationandwork, urban studies, consumption,andgender.  We look forwardtoseeing you there. For questions or queries, please writetous at vrm@iitm.ac.in andswarna@iitm.ac.in  Best,  V.R.Muraleedharan  &  R.Swarnalatha div   (Organizing Committee, R&D Lecture Series)     Swarnalatha Rangarajan  Professor, Dept. of HumanitiesandSocial Sciences Indian Institute of Technology Madras Chennai 600 036 +914422574519 | swarna@iitm.ac.in   div           Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedomsto choose ones attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose ones own way .\x08;  Viktor Frankl       '

