From:
Centre for innovation cfi <cfi@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
students@list.iitm.ac.in

Date:
23-10-2016

Thread ID:
157f1c71c2dedc57

Subject:
University Rover Challenge || Recruitment call for Team Anveshak, CFI

Body:
Hello, folks!

Here's an opportunity to involve yourself in the making of something as
awesome as a Mars rover. We at team Anveshak are in pursuit of building
an amazing Mars rover to represent IIT Madras at the University Rover
Challenge , an annual student competition
conducted by the Mars Society at Utah, USA.

We have pulled out our telescopes looking for enthusiastic and hardworking
people out there. Sophomores or older are encouraged to turn up.

We will be conducting a session for giving you an insight of the work
that happens in the Team Anveshak. Spread the word and bring other
interested people along with you.

Date: 27th October 2016, Thursday
Time: 1900 Hrs
Venue: MSB  (Room number to be decided).

Interested ones can subscribe to the recruitment process through this form
.

Following is the structure and a brief description of various aspects
involved in building the rover.

Mechanical Module: Involves Design, Structural analysis and Manufacturing
aspects of the rover.

    Chassis: Building of the overall rover structure, including suspension
   systems.
    Arm and Gripper: Manipulator and end effector design and analysis.
    Science Task and Digger: Mechanism for collection and storage of soil
   samples.

Electronics and Software Module: Deals with the Instrumentation and
Control of the rover.

    Software: User interfacing and control algorithms.
    Power: Battery management and power distribution.
    Controller Board: Hardware for running the system.
    Mechatronics and locomotion: Interfacing actuators with the system


Feel free to contact us for any queries and please go through their website
and the problem statement for a better understanding of the tasks and
classification.
Take a look at the video presented by the team: youTube

Here's the link for the problem statement of URC 2017.  Problem Statement
<%20Rover%20Challenge%20Rules%202017.pdf

Contact:
Vivek Vysyaraju: vivek.vysyaraju@gmail.com, 9940497971
Sourya Varenya: souryavarenya@gmail.com, 9087863809



Centre for Innovation,
Indian Institute of Technology Madras.
Website  | Facebook
 | Google+
 | YouTube
 |Twitter




