From:
Nagarajan R <nag@IITM.AC.IN>

To:
"students@smail.iitm.ac.in" <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
20-10-2016

Thread ID:
157e599faeb0766b

Subject:
Fw: Note on Poetry workshop

Body:
b'     fyi.... Please respond directly to heritage@iitm.ac.in. &nbs;p;       With regards....  Prof. R. Nagarajan  Department of Chemical Engineering Dean, International & Alumni Relations IIT Madras  email: deaniar@iitm.ac.in Phone: +91 9444008390      From:  heritage  Sent:  Thursday, October 20, 2016 12:18 PM  To:  Nagarajan R  Subject:  Fw: Note on Poetry workshop      Dear Prof. Nag,  I am forwarding a note on the poetry workshop we have scheduled on Saturday, 5 November. It is a fullday event.   Can you please announce this to students, alumni and faculty members.     Those interested in participating could write to heritage@iitm.ac.in.     Regards   Kumaran       From:  Srilata K  Sent:  17 October 2016 18:15  To:  heritage  Subject:  Note on Poetry workshop        A Journey Without a Map: Writing Poetry    (Offered by K. Srilata)    This daylong workshop is designed to introduce participants to the form and practice of poetry. A central goal of this workshop is to help develop greater ease with the process of writing poetry. Through interactive sessions, close reading, writing exercises and feedback sessions, participants will discover the answers to some of these questions:    Where do we look for our material? How do we train the eye?   How should we work with emotion, image, rhyme and rhythm to create a poem? Are metre and rhyme essential to poetry?  How do we lineate a poem?   How do we choose a poetic form?     Prerequisites: A strong interest in writing. Ages: 18 and above. Maximum number of participants: 20    About K. Srilata:   K. Srilata is Professor of English at IIT Madras. Her books include four poetry collections: Bookmarking the Oasis.  Writing Octopus,   Arriving Shortly  and Seablue Child , a novel  Table for Four,  long listed in 200 for the Man Asian literary prize and published by Penguin, two coedited anthologies The   Rapids of a Great River: The Penguin Book of Tamil Poetry  and Short Fiction from South India  (OUP), a translation of R. Vatsala&#8217;s Tamil novel Once there was a girl  ( Vattathul ) and a translation of womens writing from the SelfRespect movement The Other Half of the Coconut: Women Writing SelfRespect History  (Zubaan). Srilata has been a writerinresidence at the University of Stirling, at Sangam house and at the Yeonhui Art Space in Seoul. She cocurates the CMI Arts Initiative along with Madhavan Mukund and K.V. Subrahmanyam.                '

