From:
"Secretary, International and Alumni Relations" <sec_iar@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
STUDENT mailing list <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
19-10-2016

Thread ID:
157dda772d316226

Subject:
Fwd: Call for Co-Founders

Body:
Hello,

This email is for you if you are willing to work on and build a startup.
Read on for more information.

 Forwarded message 
From: KRISHNA CHAITANYA <krishnac2015@email.iimcal.ac.in
Subject: Call for CoFounders
To: sec_iar@smail.iitm.ac.in

Dear Friends,

I am Krishna Chaitanya, graduate from IITM (2004  2009) and IIMC (2015).

This is a call to those of you who harbour a dream of striking their own
path and dare to walk it no matter the challenge. My cofounder (Rajesh
Grover, RMIT (Algorithms Major) and IIMC 2010) and I have been working on a
product for the last 2 months and are seeking partners with similar passion
on entrepreneurship.

Little bit about us:
We are passionate about entrepreneurship and not afraid to get our hands
dirty in any capacity required by the business. 'Always lead by example'
has been our guiding mantra over the last 2.5 years of running an
ecommerce startup for Rocket Internet in some of the toughest markets in
the world and built operationally profitable ventures (we can talk more on
this when we connect). Between us we have over 15 yearsE2 experience
 working
in various functions such as Research and Development, Core technology and
engineering, Product Management, Operations and P&L responsibility for some
of the leading companies in the Oil & Gas, Electronics, FMCG, Luxury and
Alcobev industry.

Brief about the venture:
The startup is in the IoT space dealing with automation, tracking and
analytics for both B2B and B2C and it is bootstrapped. The product will be
based on machine learning, robotics and embedded systems. We have made a
prototype but the next step would be optimise and compress it and make a
platform. We are ideally looking for people with tech skills, but a drive
to learn as we go on will be welcome. The location will be either Bangalore
or Gurgaon. Looking for people who can give full time commitment.

Whom are we looking for?
We are looking for likeminded persons who are comfortable with an
entrepreneur's lifestyle, where as the popular expression goes, you get to
pick any three out of Work, Family, Sleep, Fitness and Friends. If you like
to take ownership and working outside your comfort zone excites you, feel
free to reach out to us.

Please note that the plan is not to look for a quick exit and pocket some
quick bucks but to pursue this long term to build a company.

Thanks for reading this and looking forward to the support of the community
in the coming times. Please feel free to share this with your friends who
might be interested.

Whatsapp:
+91 814 201 1149 (Krishna)
+91 997 184 3456 (Rajesh)

Email:
krishnac2015@email.iimcal.ac.in
grover15@gmail.com

LinkedIn:
www.linkedin.com/in/kchaitanya1
www.linkedin.com/in/grover15

Regards,
Krishna


E2B
Thanks and Regards,
Poojan Patel
Secretary, International and Alumni Relations, IIT Madras
4th Year Dual Degree | Dept. of Civil Engineering
Saraswathi Hostel, Indian Institute of Technology Madras
(M) 9884180125 | (O) 9444396170
E2BFeedback/suggestions for I&AR Team? Let us know
!E2BE2B



