From:
International Relations <oir@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"students@smail.iitm.ac.in" <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
17-10-2016

Thread ID:
157d2c1c5538f03a

Subject:
Fw: Higher Education Opportunities - International Network of
 Knowledge: Hall #1, IC&SR, 5:30 to 6:30 PM

Body:
b'     Dear All.          You are invited to the talk on  Higher Education Opportunities by International Network of Knowledge       Time: 5:30 to 6:30 PM   Venue: Hall #1, IC & SR Building   Date: October 18 2016         INK (International Network of Knowledge) was established in late 2015 under the Presidentship of Mr. Shankar Vanavarayar, the CoChairman of CII National Higher Education Committee.         INK primarily operates in 4 domains:     1. International Exchange Programs    Summer schools with RWTH Aachen University, Germany  C2B7  German Automotive Exchange Program  C2B7  German Mechatronics Systems Engineering and Product Innovation  C2B7  Production Technology meets Industry 4.0  C2B7  Automation and Simulation    In thiscalendaryear of 2016, they offered 2 Summer schools in collaboration with RWTH Aachen University and 7 participants were selected with a scholarship of 20%.      Collaborated Exchanges with Maastricht School of Management, Netherlands  C2B7  European Entrepreneurship Exchange Program  A Business immersion program is also planned in January 2017 in partnership with MSM Netherlands. Details could be found here .    Planned projects for Calender Year 2017 apart from those mentioned above  C2B7  Entrepreneurship Exchange Program with Virgin Startups UK  C2B7  German Manufacturing Excellence (2 weeks exchange program in Germany)  C2B7  Textile Immersion  Germany  Additional details could be found here .      2. Global Chapters     At present, they have 3 chapters in Germany (Aachen, Siegen, Freiburg) and 1 in India (at KCT, Coimbatore). p   Additional details could be found here . span         3. INK INDIA  Higher education mentoring from students studying abroad     INK INDIA is equipped with 2 major programs. The objectives of INK INDIA initiative are: 1. Promote/market/create awareness about the higher educational opportunities abroad through INK Chapters 2. Prepare and equip the students with necessary skill set required for foreign education through Foundation program      4. International Technology Workshop Series     International Technology Workshop Series is aimed at proving hands on trainings on state of the art technologies. The workshops are conducted in partner institutions as well as Global Chapters yearly. We provide customized in house international training in all fields of engineering and management. As per the requirements from the partner institution, we bring delegates from universities and industries across the world to India to conduct such activities.     '

