From:
International Relations <oir@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"btech@smail.iitm.ac.in" <btech@smail.iitm.ac.in>,
	"mtech@smail.iitm.ac.in" <mtech@smail.iitm.ac.in>, "mba@smail.iitm.ac.in"
	<mba@smail.iitm.ac.in>, "ma@smail.iitm.ac.in" <ma@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
4-10-2016

Thread ID:
157d1c8139b0541c

Subject:
Fw: UG/PG: Chung Ang University 2017

Body:
b'       Dear Students,     Students from HSS and DoMs are eligible as well.        Link        The nomination deadline is  October 31st , 2016  To get nominated, kindly submit the Letter of Approval (signed by faculty advisor and HoD) along with official transcripts and completed nomination sheet.    Application Deadline is  November 14th , 2016.    Please refer to the attached documents for further information.   The course list is a compilation of courses that are offered in English. Please note this is only to be used as a reference. The final, official list of courses will be available through the online course registration system (Portal system) approximately 1 month before the beginning of lectures.    Regarding the nomination form  In the nomination form, drop down menus are available in the following columns (with green background):     Gender (Column D)   Study Level (Column E)   Proposed study level (Column G)   Proposed College at CAU (Column H)   Proposed major at CAU (Column I)   Period of exchange (Column J)   Fee paying type (Column O)    For all the options to properly appear, please fill out the form in order from left to right (Column B  C D)      By using these drop down menus, it will facilitate the choices between both universities. We would especially like to mention that Column H & I are important because they include a list of colleges & majors that CAU has available for students. Therefore, we ask that you look through the drop down menus carefully prior to sending us your completed form.      We would also like to mention that if the selected proposed study level is Masters, students will only be able to enroll in two colleges: Global MBA and Graduate School of International Studies (GSIS). For example, if the student selects Graduate School of International Studies for proposed college at CAU, they will have to select International Studies at their proposed major in Column I.    Mr. Arvind Sivamani  Liaison Officer (Outgoing Students)  International Relations  Office of International Relations l 2 nd Floor, IC & SR Building  Indian Institute of Technology Madras l Chennai  600 036 l INDIA  Tel: (91) 0442257 4928  Email: oir4@wmail.iitm.ac.in   Website:       '

