From:
Nagarajan R <nag@IITM.AC.IN>

To:
"students@smail.iitm.ac.in" <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
12-10-2016

Thread ID:
157d1c71f7c0d95f

Subject:
Fw: Application for UCLA TFT Scholarship will soon be available

Body:
b'     fyi....       With regards....  Prof. R. Nagarajan  Department of Chemical Engineering Dean, International & Alumni Relations IIT Madras  email: deaniar@iitm.ac.in Phone: +91 9444008390      From:  Dacumos, Dean <dacumos@tft.ucla.edu  Sent:  Tuesday, October 11, 2016 11:46 PM  To:  Nagarajan R  Cc:  Bhaskar Ramamurthi; International Relations  Subject:  Application for UCLA TFT Scholarship will soon be available        Dear Prof. R. Nagarajan   Per our past email communications, we informed you that the UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television in Los Angeles, California U.S.A. is offering three fullride scholarships, all for the Masters of Fine Arts (MFA) degree in Film and Television,  designed to give voice to the unique perspective of Indian women.   These scholarships include full tuition, registration fees, housing, meals and book for the normal duration of these programs (Travel is not included.) We are contacting you again to ask for your help in advertising these scholarships as the applications will soon be available to submit. We are offering scholarship webinars to explain the application process and details of the scholarship.  Students need not have had a bachelors degree in film to apply but do need the equivalent to a 4year US bachelors degree.  For information about the scholarships, the webinars and UCLA TFT, please have your students visit our    (  ) , our  Facebook Group  (  ) ,  or email us at   scholarships@tft.ucla.edu . . We would be happy to discuss these details over the phone. Feel free to inform me of a day, time and phone number that works best for you, and I will be happy to contact you.  We truly appreciate your help in distributing information about the graduatelevel scholarships on your social media pages and disseminating information electronically to your students. Do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions.  Sincerely,   Dean Dacumos (310) 2064572    </span  &nbsp;  Director of Student Services  UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television 103 East Melnitz Hall Box 951622 Los Angeles, CA 900951622 p    '

