From:
Centre for innovation cfi <cfi@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
students@list.iitm.ac.in

Date:
14-10-2016

Thread ID:
157c1edfda4abbe9

Subject:
Centre for Innovation || SAE Aero Design West Competition Team

Body:
SAE Aero Design Competition

Greetings from Team Nimbus!

SAE (Society of Automotive Engineers) Aero Design Competition is the
largest collegiate Aero Design Competition in the world. A team of
enthusiastic individuals from Aerospace Engineering department and Aero
Club, IITM have registered for this event and are among the 75 teams who
will be competing in this at Fort Worth, Texas during 1012th March 2017.

The competition features three classes, Micro,Regular and Advanced (details
of these classes can be found here
) . We are
participating under Advanced Class, which requires the participants to
build an Unmanned Aerial Vehicle powered by an IC engine with
remote takeoff, payload dropping and landing capabilities. The plane
required for the competition will be designed and developed by us under the
guidance of professors of Aerospace Engineering Department. We are at the
completion of the first prototype and expect a test run by the end of this
October.


We are looking to expand our team in following modules :

Module

Work involved

Prerequisites

Structures

Design,simulation and fabrication of structural frame of UAV

SolidWorks and MATLAB

Aerodynamics

Simulations of flow around the aircraft in order to maximise efficiency

ANSYS and/or other fluid simulation softwares

Avionics, Data Acquisition and Image Processing

Onboard flight stabilisation and all the necessary electronics for
transmission of data from flight control board and onboard camera to a
ground station

Basic knowledge of control systems and flight control boards that are
usually used.

Python, OpenCV, Mission planner and Arduino, UI development.

Spons and PR

Being the face of entire team,you will be dealing with outreach,
sponsorships and interaction with SAE

Good interpersonal communication skills, Photo & Video editing skills

Eligibility

   

   Undergrads above 1st year may apply.


   

   The applicant must have prior experience for the profile they are
   applying for. Basic knowledge of the software concerned is sufficient. Y
ou
   will be developing more skills as the work progresses.
   

   Not to mention, a basic understanding of flight will always be helpful.

WhatE2s in it for you?


    By participating in such a large scale competition, you will not only
   develop the technical skills involved in building an UAV but also get th
e
   much needed exposure to the practical world which is necessary to any
   engineer.
    Software like ANSYS, MATLAB and SolidWorks are used extensively in
   almost all the industries these days. Hence, a good knowledge in them wi
ll
   help you a lot down the line.
    Needless to say, you might get a chance to represent IIT Madras at the
   largest Aero Design Competition in USA.

Interested students are requested to fill this form
 before 23:55 hrs on 16th October
2016.


We strongly recommend you to go through the Problem Statement
 for SAE
Aero Design 2017 and follow our Facebook Page
.

For any queries, contact,

Nikunj Agrawal      Nikhil K. Gupta
+919962603380                                       +919176474258
astronikunj123@gmail.com                        nikhilgupta280695@gmail.com

Team Nimbus 

Centre for Innovation,
Indian Institute of Technology Madras.
Website  | Facebook
 | Google+
 | YouTube
 |Twitter




