From:
Rajsekar Manokaran <rajsekar@gmail.com>

To:
Rahul <cs14b061@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
12-10-2016

Thread ID:
157b50e5b78a5fbc

Subject:
Re: CS3100 - Paradigms of Programming Project

Body:
Hi Rahul Ramesh,

The project sounds very good.  You could also work out a timeline for
different modules involved in the project; if time constraints kickin, you
may still be able to finish up some of the modules.  The GUI parts are
usually timeconsuming, so you could design a CLI interface / library first
and then proceed to the GUI.

Let me know if you need some guidance on the ML parts.  One of you could
register at the HPCE site for an account on the libra clusters;  that will
let you train the ML models on GPU clusters using torch or caffe or theano.


Rajsekar



On Wed, Oct 12, 2016 at 12:13 AM, Rahul <cs14b061@smail.iitm.ac.in wrote:

 Sir,

 This mail is with respect to the Paradigms of Programming  course
 project.  Our 8 member group comprises of :
  Rahul    CS14B061
  Vignesh    CS14B055
  Girish    CS14B059
  Venketep Prasad  CS14B029
  Prem Krishnaa  CS14B049
  Prabu  CS14B048
  Parthasarathy  CS14B019
  Gowri Sankar  CS14B010

 We had earlier spoken to you regarding a project on building a library
 consisting of a few nontrivial algorithms. However we have decided against
 pursuing the same this since we found it difficult to find an algorithm
 that does not already have a reasonable implementation.

 We planned on implementing an Intelligent desktop client for Smail. The
 motivation behind this choice is based on the fact that we receive many
 emails, every month via Smail. Hence our client aims to filter/classify
 mails(based on user preferences) and categorize these emails into
 various bins. The reason this is different from Gmail's existing filters
 is that we can create better filters/ customization since it specifically
 targets mails sent via campus mail.

 Our tool must be able to automatically recognize important events(quizzes/talks/
 deadlines) from the emails based on user preferences, and add them to a
 calendar(say google calendar). Also we plan to add a scheduler that
 schedules your assignments, Seminars and other events based on the timing
 and the priority of the event. We could additionally create integration
 with Todo lists based on email content.


 Our project would consist of some Machine learning, API usage for Gmail,
 Calendar etc, some generic programming and some GUI design. We would be
 like to ask you if the above mentioned project is of the required scale you
 are expecting of and also tangible within the given time frame. What are
 you opinions on the same?

 Thank You for your time.

 Rahul Ramesh
 CS14B061




