From:
Tiju Thomas <tijuthomas@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"students@smail.iitm.ac.in" <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
9-11-2016

Thread ID:
1584b56ecc1ed328

Subject:
Students (2nd year upwards) are welcome to enroll for "Advanced
 Materials and Processes" (MM3180)

Body:
b'     Dear Students       Greetings to all of you. Hope you are having a very enjoyable, and hopefully stressfree  endsem season.     Let me  welcome students from all branches, 2nd year (Bachelors) upwards , to join us  for the course "Advanced Materials and Processes" (MM3180) .  AdvancedMaterials and Processes thereof, more often than not,lieat the very foundation of many aspects of frontier science and technology . Your computers, airplanes, dental implants, sensor materials, sustainable manufacturing protocols, smart buildings,are but a few examples of technologies whereinmaterials innovationshave played a critical role. These developments  have transformed the way we live, and customize our surroundings.&n;bsp;  In this course, isaimed at enabling you to appreciate and understand, the role of advanced and applied materials , in your own chosen disciplines . You will get to appreciate how fundamental materials principles are helpful in thinking about advanced materials, which in turn get deployed, in devices used in your own science/engineeringdisciplines.  If you are a  Nonmaterialsstudent , with a strong interest in fundamental technology and applied science , this  course is for you . If you are a materials and metallurgy student, who wishes to get a nice  overview of contemporary world of materials and processes, and identify ways in which you can navigate the emerging,  multidisciplinary landscape ; this course is for you .  You need to bring with you a  curious , enthusiastic, and open mind . We would also request you to bring to the table a  participatory attitude , and a willingness to learn and teach from one another.  Hoping to see many of you in the course  and with many wishes for your endsem and beyond,    Tiju Thomas Department of Metallurgical and Materials Engineering  Indian Institute of Technology Madras  Chennai 600036  Tamil Nadu, India     PS: BTech/BS/MA students, from any departmentare all welcome tocome on board. In case you are   doubt, please drop me a line. I will get back to you.          Course details:     Advanced Materials and Processes" (MM3180)    Objectives:  (i) To introduce elementary chemical and physical principles underlying recent advances in materials fabrication/synthesis, design, and processing.   (ii) Examination of cases in advanced materials research and nanotechnology.  Course Contents:  (a) Physical and engineering principles for Advanced Materials Science:  Current classification of applied materials, introduction to quantum chemistry and statistical thermodynamics of materials, bonding in inorganic and organic materials, bondingstructureproperty correlations in recently developed glassy, hybrid (eg. liquid crystalscomposites) and polymeric materials (eg. conducting polymers), quantum confinement, applied surface and interface chemistry, emerging directions in advanced materials research.      (b)  Advanced Materials Processes Green manufacturing E2D as an emerging paradigm (AnastasE2 criteria), vacuum and thin film technologies, nonequilibrium approaches in solid state technology, glass synthesis and discussion of bulk metallic glasses as a special case, nanomaterials  synthesis/fabrication and methods of deployment in devices, overview of tools for integrated computational materials engineering.   (c) Case studies of physical principles and processing The basic physicochemical and processing principles for the following materials will be covered. (High T c  superconductors, solar energy and battery materials, optical and magnetic materials, ferroics, biosensor surfaces and interfaces, selfcleaning surfaces, coatings, functional selfassemblies, organic and inorganic electronic materials, industrial catalysts).   Text Books: 1. Applied Solid State Physics. M. R. Srinivasan, New Age International (P) Limited, 2012. 2. Oxford Primers on Bonding and Polymers, 2015 3. Modern Physics for Engineers, Jasprit Singh, 2014   Reference Books: h1   Scholarly literature and patents Nanotechnology, a gentle introduction to the next big idea , Mark Ratner and Daniel Ratner. Pearson Education, 2014     '

