From:
Dean Academic Courses <deanac@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"students@list.iitm.ac.in" <students@list.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
9-10-2016

Thread ID:
157aad3f3316194f

Subject:
Fw: Giving visibility and voice to the projects of your students at
 national and international level

Body:
b'          Dean Academic Courses IIT Madras, Chennai 600036, India.  The information in the mail is meant only for the earmarked recipients and should not be shared or made public without permission       From:  Ramamurthy K  Sent:  Friday, October 7, 2016 9:38 PM  To:  Dean Academic Courses  Subject:  Fw: Giving visibility and voice to the projects of your students at national and international level          From:  Prof. Anil K Gupta &lt;anilg@sristi.org  Sent:  07 October 2016 17:45  To:  Ramamurthy K  Subject:  Giving visibility and voice to the projects of your students at national and international level          <font colorD"#000000" Dear Prof. Ramamurthy K, <span langD"ENIN"  <span styleD"color:rgb(0,0,0); fontfamily:"times new roman",serif; fontsize:large" langD"ENIN"Greetings from Techpedia , SRISTI <b  <font sizeD"4" colorD"#000000" faceD"times new roman, serif" Sub: Giving visibility and voice to the projects of your students at national and international level throughGYTIawards at Third Festival of Innovation (FOIN), Rashtrapati Bhavan, Newe Delhi, March 5, 2017 <span langD"ENIN"  <font sizeD"4" colorD"#000000" faceD"times new roman, serif" Techpedia , an initiative of Honey Bee Network ;at SRISTI aims at putting the problems of micro, small and medium enterprises, informal sector, grassroots innovators and other social sectors on the agenda of the young technology students across the country. For over last sixty years, India has not utilized the technological outputs of millions of students adequately. Can a knowledge society really afford to ignore the huge talent distributed in thousands of polytechnics, diploma and degree colleges of engineering, pharmacy, medical science, agriculture etc.? SRISTI is providing a platform ( www.techpedia.sristi.org ) for the industry, policy makers and academic institutions to collaborate, cocreate and foster distributed and horizontal innovations.  <font sizeD"4" faceD"times new roman, serif"  <font sizeD"4" faceD"times new roman, serif" Every time a student solves a real life problem, he/she does not merely become a better technologist but also a better human being. It is true that not all student groups will be able to solve a complex technical problem in six to ten months of final year term. Many will just fail. The universities will have to develop a culture, which does not punish an honest failure. Else, the risk taking culture will never evolve among our young minds. Likewise, not all expertise for guiding a student team may be available at the same college or department. Mentors from various sectors, retired scientists, and fellows of national academies should be able to guide some of the challenging projects in which they have interest. Techpedia.sristi.org <wbr is thus an aggregator of aspirations of young students to make India a creative, collaborative and compassionate society . Soon, an ERP solution would be put in place that so that various stages of progress can be tracked online. Even for recruitment, companies can track the chosen projects if allowed by the respective students and faculty team and thus select bright hard working teams. They can pose their problems at the portal too. Each university can develop its own tracking system if it so wishes. <font sizeD"4" faceD"times new roman, serif"  <font sizeD"4" faceD"times new roman, serif" Every year, SRISTI celebrates through the  Gandhian Young Technological Innovation (GYTI) Awards , a spirit of student led innovation in the fields of engineering, science, biotechnology, medical solution, extremely affordable/frugal solution for or with communities at grassroots, manufacturable technologies in any sector for any purpose. Social, environmental, grassroots applications of proposed technologies will be paid a special attention. <font sizeD"4" faceD"times new roman, serif"  <span langD"ENIN" The awards will be given in the month of March, every year, by Dr.R.A. Mashelkar (Chairperson, NIF) , during the Festival of Innovations &n;bsp;hosted by The office of the President of India, the Rashtrapati Bhavan , New Delhi. Next awards will be most likely onMarch 5, 20. <span langD"ENIN"  Over the last few years, the rise in the quality of student innovations being&nbs;p;recognizedunder GYTIaw ards <span langD"ENIN"( gyti.techpedia.in ) is entirely due to participants like you. Our future efforts to build an inclusive innovation ecosystem crucially hinge on your continued help.    <span langD"ENIN" We are expecting your kind cooperation in; </p  Supporting techpedia by encouraging your students to&n;bsp; upload all the abstracts of  UG/PG projects at techpedia platform (or send us a bulk file and we will upload it on your behalf) for wider visibility.  Spread the attached announcement ofGYTI , among your network for inviting nominations for GYTI2017  Advising us who else we should invite to support this platform and volunteer for the Honey Bee Network     <span langD"ENIN" <span langD"ENIN"  <span langD"ENIN" We look forward to your continued support, guidance and help in making India innovative, collaborative and inclusive <span langD"ENIN"    Thanking you and with best wishes,  Prof. Anil K. Gupta Coordinator, SRISTI  Founder,; Honey Bee Network Professor, Indian Institute of&nb;sp;Management, Ahmedabad  <font styleD"fontsize:12.8px" colorD"#000000" <br <br <a hrefD"" targetD"_blank" styleD"fontfamily:"times new roman",serif; fontsize:large; lineheight:14.72px"Poster of GYTI 2017 : Click here. <br Gandhian Young Technological Innovation Award 2017     Gandhian Young Technological Innovation Awards | Teaser&nbsp; <br <font sizeD"4" faceD"times new roman, serif" P.S. &nbsp; GYTI2016 Award function held at Rashtrapati Bhavan.'

