From:
Dean IAR <deaniar@iitm.ac.in>

To:
Adele MARTIAL-GROS <amg@ifindia.in>

Date:
7-10-2016

Thread ID:
157a015d3fd706e8

Subject:
Re: France alumni platform

Body:
b"     Dear Prof. Martial,    Thanks for the mail. Via cc, I've shared this with our faculty & students, and will circulate separately to our alums....        With regards....  Prof. R. Nagarajan  Department of Chemical Engineering Dean, International & Alumni Relations IIT Madras  email: deaniar@iitm.ac.in Phone: +91 9444008390       From:  Adele MARTIALGROS &lt;amg@ifindia.in  Sent:  Friday, October 7, 2016 8:51 AM  To:  Dean IAR  Cc:  International Relations; 'ARHETS Philippe'; 'MAXIMILIEN Sandrine'; Sonia RAO; Pauline BONNET  Subject:  France alumni platform       Dear Prof. R. Nagarajan,    It was a pleasure meeting you last Friday at IIT Madras. Taking our meeting forward, I would like to give you a brief about the France Alumni Network platform .    The France Alumni India platform is a unique networking tool that offers networking, higher education and career development opportunities to the alumni who we consider as brand ambassadors for both India and France. There are sections dedicated to information and updates from Educational Institutions, Companies, Job Offerings, Events etc on the digital platform.    Heres the link to create an account on the France Alumni Network platform through few simple steps:     Thus, if you could kindly share the link with the students, faculty and alumni community of IIT Madras, so that the former students who have been to France can join the network.    We also request you to create the profile of your esteemed institution on the platform, which will be a sign of strong bilateral relations between France and India.    Please feel free to share this information with your French partners in India too.    Best regards, p  AdC3A8le Martial  Prof. AdC3A8le Martial  Gros , PhD AttachC3A9e de coopC3A9ration scientifique et universitaire / AttachC3A9 for scientific and university cooperation Institut FranC3A7ais en Inde Ambassade de France en Inde / French Embassy in India  New Delhi Tel: + (91) 92 05 39 08 03 </p adele.martial@diplomatie.gouv.fr  /  amg@ifindia.in     POSTAL ADDRESS WILL NOT CHANGE 2 Dr. APJ Abdul KAlam Road (Previously Aurangzeb Road) New Delhi 110011  "

