From:
International Relations <oir@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"students@smail.iitm.ac.in" <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
4-10-2016

Thread ID:
1577b3d0baf57e28

Subject:
Fw: Talk about Chevening Scholarships & Fellowships on October 4 2016

Body:
b"     Dear Students,        M. Karthik Kambala, Commercial Diplomacy Officer at the British Deputy High Commission, will shed light on Chevening Scholarships and Fellowships for faculty members and scientists.  The talk has been arranged on  October 4 2016 at Hall 2, IC&SR Building from 5.30 PM to 6.30 PM .   About Chevening Scholarship and Fellowships:  &nbs;p;  Chevening is the UK Governments International Awards Scheme aimed at developing global leaders since 1983. Funded by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office and partner organisations, Chevening offers two types of awards  Chevening Scholarships and Chevening Fellowships  the recipients of which are personally selected by British Embassies and High Commissions throughout the world through a rigorous selection process.  The Chevening India programme is the largest in the world offering up to 65 fully paid scholarship and 65 fully paid fellowships every year.  </span   </span  Chevening Masters Scholarship  </span  Chevening Masters scholarship programme is offered to Indian graduates with at least two years' work experience. This can include voluntary work and paid or unpaid internships. This is a one year fully funded scholarship, available for Indian graduates in any discipline of their choice at any recognised UK university.  The programme will commence from September 2017 till August 2018  </span  Chevening Fellowships  </span  The Chevening Rolls Royce Science And Innovation Leadership Fellowship ( CRISP)  &nbs;p;  The Chevening Rolls Royce Science and Innovation Leadership Programme or CRISP as it is popularly known is aimed at midcareer professionals in the fields of science, innovation and business. The fellowship will offer 14 (12 from India and 2 from Sri Lanka) senior science and innovation professionals a 10week study programme at the University of Oxfords Said Business School. The fully funded programme will commence in the last week of April 2017.  </span  The Chevening Gurukul Fellowship Programme For Leadership And Excellence   </span  The Chevening Gurukul Fellowship is the UK Foreign and Commonwealth Offices flagship programme. It is Indias longest running programme. This year we are celebrating 20 years of Gurukul. The fellowship is aimed at midcareer professionals from diverse backgrounds with strong and demonstrable leadership ability. It is a twelveweek, fully funded residential course at Kings College London. Applicant should be a Citizen of India. Applicants should have a post graduate level qualification and must have at least ten years&#8217; work experience prior to applying with a good working knowledge of English.  The programme will commence in the month of September 2017    Mr. Arvind Sivamani  Liaison Officer (Outgoing Students)  International Relations  Office of International Relations l 2 nd Floor, IC & SR Building  Indian Institute of Technology Madras l Chennai  600 036 l INDIA  Tel: (91) 0442257 4928  Email: oir4@wmail.iitm.ac.in   Website:       "

