From:
Extra Mural Lectures IIT Madras <core@eml-iitm.org>

To:
students@smail.iitm.ac.in

Date:
3-10-2016

Thread ID:
1577c48a610ba801

Subject:
Re: Documentary screening and talk by Shri Shekar Dattatri #WildlifeWeek

Body:
A gentle reminder!

Regards,
EML Team 201617

On Mon, Oct 3, 2016 at 3:43 PM, Extra Mural Lectures IIT Madras <
core@emliitm.org wrote:

 A gentle reminder!

 Regards,
 EML Team 201617

 On Fri, Sep 30, 2016 at 11:34 PM, Extra Mural Lectures IIT Madras <
 core@emliitm.org wrote:

 Extra Mural Lecture 201617

 presents

 'The Race to Save the Amur Falcon'

 a documentary and talk by

 Shri.Shekar Dattatri

       Wildlife Photographer and Conservation Filmmaker

 DateOctober 3rd,Monday

 Venue:ICSR, IIT Madras

 Time: 6pm onwards


 The speaker will discourse on the conservation efforts for saving Amur
 Falcons near a remote reservoir in Nagaland. The lecture will also have 
a
 screening of a 20 minute documentary E2CThe Race to save the Amur 
FalconE2D
 presenting the resulting documentation and campaign.

 Speaker Profile:

 Shekar Dattatri is one of IndiaE2s leading wildlife and conservat
ion
 filmmakers. A committed conservationist, films combine finesse with a
 profound understanding of conservation issues. During the last 25 years,
 his films have received 4 National Awards and numerous international
 awards, and have aired around the world on channels such as National
 Geographic and Discovery. In 1998, the UK trade magazine, Television
 Business International rated him as one of the top ten rising stars of
 wildlife filmmaking in the world. Some of his notable conservation films
 include E2Mindless Mining E2 the tragedy of KudremukhE2
, E2The RidleyE2s Last
 StandE2 and E2The Truth about TigersE2. He has also
 served on the final juries
 of several prestigious international wildlife film festivals such as
 Wildscreen in the UK and the Japan Wildlife Film Festival. He is the
 recipient of Rolex Award for Enterprise for his conservation filmmaking.
 For four years, he has also served as a Member of the National Board for
 Wildlife, which is chaired by the Prime Minister of India.


 For further information on the profile, please refer to this link
 .

 PFA the event poster.

 Important Instructions:

 1) Please be seated at least 15 minutes before the start of the event.

 2) Decorum and discipline must be maintained in the hall.

 3) Unauthorized Photography and Videography of the event is strictly
 prohibited.

 Follow us on:

 Facebook 

 Twitter 

 Youtube 

 Regards,

 The EML Team






