From:
deanicsr <deanicsr@iitm.ac.in>

To:
announce@list.iitm.ac.in, faculty@list.iitm.ac.in, 
 students@smail.iitm.ac.in, sec_resaf@smail.iitm.ac.in, 
 sec_acaf@smail.iitm.ac.in, Registrar <registrar@iitm.ac.in>

Date:
28-9-2016

Thread ID:
1577331246a8272d

Subject:
IITM E-Newsletter - Aug'16

Body:
Dear All,

Please find below the IITM ENewsletter for the month August.

Thanks and Regards,
Team MediaCell



Tata Steel Advanced Materials Research Center now at IIT Madras

Tata Steel signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the Indian
Institute of Technology Madras (IIT Madras) on August 16, 2016 to set up
the Tata Steel Advanced Materials Research Center (TSAMRC) at IIT Madras
Research Park. This initiative comes in the light of Tata Steel being
entrusted with the responsibility of developing a longterm strategic
roadmap in the area of advanced materials.

Over the last few decades, new materials have been engineered by
research laboratories worldwide. These materials, often termed
"advanced" materials, provide unique combinations of physical and
chemical properties that were either absent or difficult to obtain using
conventional materials.

Speaking at the occasion, Prof. Bhaskar Ramamurthi, Director IIT Madras,
said, E2DIIT Madras and Tata Steel will be working closely together t
o
come up with new materials, which will include but not restricted to
graphene, that will have new applications. We hope to discover many
innovative materials together and hope that in few years TSAMRC will be
noticed globally. IIT Madras has world standard faculty, students and
equipment that can provide the next breakthrough in creating
applications with new materials. The Research Park at IIT Madras
provides one of the best ecosystems for collaborative researchE2D.

Mr. Anand Sen, President (Total Quality Management and Steel Business),
Tata Steel Limited added by saying, E2CTata Steel has been collaborat
ing
extensively with IIT Madras since the last many years, especially in
materials characterization, heat transfer and process research. TSAMRC
marks a new chapter in this journey and opens up the frontier in
advanced materials synthesis, design and solutionsE2D.

International Conference on Financial Markets and Corporate Finance 2016 

The Department of Management Studies, Indian Institute of Technology
Madras, Chennai organized an International conference on Financial
Markets and Corporate Finance in association with Vinod Gupta School of
Management, Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur, Department of
Industrial and Management Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology
Kanpur, Department of Management Studies, Indian Institute of Technology
Delhi, Department of Management Studies, Indian Institute of Technology
Roorkee and Institute for Financial Management and Research, Chennai.

The conference was a grand success and was one of the biggest in the
country. It brought together researchers from academia, industry and
regulatory organizations to deliberate on theoretical work, empirical
findings and policy implications related to financial market
microstructure and challenges in corporate finance. The Conference
provided an excellent avenue to get quality feedback and an opportunity
for networking among researchers, academicians and industry executives
working in finance and allied areas.

Azadi 70: Independence Day Celebrations
The Institute celebrated 70 years of Independence with lot of fun and
fervor. The traditional flag hoisting on campus happened outside the
Administrative Block as always, which was followed by the parade. In his
address, Prof. Bhaskar Ramamurthi, Director, IIT Madras said, at 70 we
are a young country and it's time to take stock of the situation and
work together towards the development of the nation. He also spoke of
how we must remember to keep our campuses, villages and cities clean!
Students of various clubs of the Institute performed on the occasion and
contingents were awarded too.

The ET Startup Awards
The Economic Times Startup Awards are the country's biggest recognition
of the bravest who have risked everything to start their own enterprise.
Four out  of the five startups shortlisted for the ET Startup Awards
this year were from IIT Madras! Ather Energy Pvt. Ltd.
(www.atherenergy.com ) emerged as the
winner and the other startups from the Institute, Planys Technologies
(_www.planystech.com )_, Detect Technologies
(www.detecttechnologies.com ) and
HyperVerge (hyperverge.co ) were nominated and
appreciated by one and all.

Workshop on fast building using 3D technology !
IIT Madras along with Indian Concrete Institute (Chennai Centre)
organized a oneday workshop on E2D Printing of ConcreteE2 o
n August 8,
2016. The 3D printing of concrete is seen as the new phenomenon and the
next big thing in construction industry that would call all the shorts a
few years down the line. It would enable the architects and builders to
embark on the most complex construction designs with ease, which have so
far been impossible to achieve with conventional construction. The
workshop had professionals both from industry and academic circles
delivering lectures.

Professor Surendra P Shah of civil engineering at Northwestern
University, US, Alexander McLeod Schofield, Research Socialist at the
Emerging Object, the 3Dprinting MAKEtank specialist associated with the
University of California at Berkley, US, Vivien Esnault, R&D Project
Manager at the Sustainable Construction Division of Lafarge Holcim,
Lyon, France and Prof. Viktor Mechtcherine, Director and Professor at
the Institute of ConstructionMaterials, Technical University of Dresden,
Germany were some of the speakers at the workshop.

The Department of Mechanical Engineering at IIT Madras has already built
a prototype of 3D printer for input materials such as polymer and metals
and will soon be kickstarting the research in developing an indigenous
3D printer for concrete. Also, IITM has a strong team pioneering in
concrete materials led by professors like Koshy Varghese and Ravindra
Gettu of Department of Civil Engineering.

Teaching Learning Centre of IIT Madras celebrates 5^th Anniversary

TLC of IIT Madras, a first of its kind facultytraining centre in the
IIT system celebrated its 5th anniversary recently. The Centre has
recently received a funding of Rs.4.5 crores from MHRD and is
training faculty of other higher learning Institutes. The celebrations
included two invited talks on E2constructive feedbackE2 and 
E2setting the
purpose of learningE2.

Prof. Bhaskar Ramamurthi, Director IIT Madras, congratulating the Centre
on successful completion of five years, said, E2CThe Centre has becom
e
integral to the pedagogical ecosystem at IIT Madras. Faculty and
teaching assistants benefit tremendously from the CentreE2s programm
es in
enhancing their teaching skills and methods. The Centre has also reached
out to a large number of faculty in sister institutions in Tamil Nadu
and other southern statesE2D.



Awards & Recognitions

Prof. Sujatha Srinivasan of Rehabilitation Research and Device
Development (R2D2) lab in the Department of Mechanical Engineering at
IIT Madras, emerged among the 12 winners of the 7^th edition of
NCPEDPMphasis Universal Design Awards that recognize organisations that
design their products keeping disabled people in mind.

IITM startups continue to shine, now with Indian STEPs and Business
Incubators' Association (ISBA) conferring their "Startup Awards 2016" to:
     E2A2 Cygni Energy   under incubatee categ
ory
(Electronics/Mechanical/Electrical  products domain)
       E2A2 Stellapps  Technologies 
'Innovative Company of the Year for Business Success' award

Prof. R. Ravi, Department of Chemical Engineering has been awarded the
first edition of the Prof. Dr. Y. B. G. Varma Award for Teaching
Excellence in Chemical Engineering for the academic year 201516.

Chaitanya Bakre, Research Scholar (ME14S054), Department of Mechanical
Engineering won the Bronze Medal at the Annual Student Poster
Competition for his paper entitled 'Nonlinear Mixing of Laser Generated
Narrowband Rayleigh Surface Wave' coauthored with his guides Dr. Prabhu
Rajagopal and Prof. Krishnan Balasubramanian, organized as part of the
43rd Review of Progress in Quantitative Nondestructive Evaluation held
at Atlanta, USA during July 1722, 2016. This is the first time that a
student / researcher working primarily in an Indian Institution has won
this prize.

In the news

IIT Madras researchers develop instrumentation for cancer treatment
<
madrasresearchersdevelopinstrumentationforcancertreatment/article8955
113.ece

IITM researchers produce lowcost liquid nitrogen
<&articlexmlDI
ITMresearchersproducelowcostliquidnitrogen09082016004032

IITME2s new course for aspiring teachers
<
ingteachers.vpf

Over 32,000 applicants register for IITME2s free online course on Ap
p
development
<
linecourseonappdevelopment/

IIT Madras to organize JEE Advanced 2017
<
34648

IIT Madras develops optical system to detect and monitor algal bloom
<
madras%20developsopticalsystemtodetectandmonitoralgalbloom/article
8987991.ece

IIT council approves student intake of 1 Lakh by 2020
<
lapprovesstudentintakeof1lakhby2020/articleshow/53835722.cms

Our filter technology perfectly safe: IITM scientist
<
erfectlysafeiitmscientist116081700658_1.html









<+iitmadras/posts



<&hl
Den
<




Subscribe/Unsubscribe 







