From:
International Relations <oir@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"students@smail.iitm.ac.in" <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
27-9-2016

Thread ID:
157704402646441f

Subject:
Fw: UG/PG/PhD: Technical University of Munich 2017

Body:
b'       Dear Students,      Link      We would like to inform you that the exchange application period for the summer term 2017 at TUM started and students are welcome to apply.    Nomination Deadline  October 14 2016</span  Application Deadline  October 30 2016  Please note that TUM accepts only completed application documents sent by post/courier. The application has to reach TUM on or before October 30 2016 to be considered for evaluation.         1. Semester dates      Summer term : April 1 st  201  September 30 th  2017  Courses : April 24 th  2017  July 30 th  2017  Examinations : depend on the TUM department, but often take place between end of July and end of September 2017. (If you have questions about the time of examinations at TUM E2 if students need to do examinations E2 please contact TUM\'s International Affairs Delegates (see point 6). Unfortunately, e arlier or extra examination dates for exchange students cannot be arranged! Students need to take part in the regular examinations as all other TUM students!) </p Orientation weeks / obtaining TUM Student card : beginning of April before the lectures start   TUM semester dates:    2. Enomination Students have to submit the Letter of Approval, along with the official grade transcript to oir4@wmail.iitm.ac.in (or) oir4.iitm@gmail.com on or before October 14 2016. Nomination Deadline  October 14 2016&n;bsp; </span  Once enominated, the students will be informed directly via email about the application procedure at our institution (see attached fact sheet):    To nominate a student, you will be asked to select&nb;sp; E2Cfield of study.E2D For the 13 TUM departments,  please only choose   the exact fields of study indicated in the attachment !   3 . Application documents  Application forms and a list of supplementary documents can be found here:  <span styleD"color:black"      4. Language skills  If your students want to attend courses taught in German at TUM, proficient German skills are key. If they want to attend courses in English, they should also have excellent English skills. Please note that we continue to offer many courses in German language only at TUM (see point 5). TUM departments request a German respectively English certificate of at least B1 (exceptions: TUM School of Management, School of Education and Center of Life and Sciences in Weihenstephan: here a level of at least B2 is requested).The required language skills can also be found in the agreements between our universities.   5. German knowledge  At TUM many of the classes offered are conducted in German. If your students undertake courses conducted in German and don\'t have a reasonable knowledge of German, they could have a problem studying here. Even if your students will be attending lectures in English at TUM, a basic knowledge of the German language is recommended to make the most of your stay and make daily life in Munich a smoother and more enjoyable experience.  Therefore, we always recommend that our incoming exchange students participate in German courses: 1. G erman courses at TUM:   2. Onlinecourses (for Erasmus): &langDen  3. Some other online courses:     6. Courses and language requirements / examinations  If you have questions regarding courses and examination dates at TUM, please the responsible TUM International Affairs Delegate  in their department directly. The delegates all speak English too!    All  courses that are  offered at TUM are listed at the following link:    (important:  Students should NOT  register in TUMonline  by their own! Registration for all exchange students will be done automatically by TUM after they are accepted! So until then they should only use TUMonline without registration!)  To access the course catalogue, students can switch the language to English in the top right hand corner and select C2ABcoursesC2BB in the search bar. If there are no courses listed for the semester they want to study in (which usually is the case as they are planning their studies in advance of faculty timetabling), they should just choose the same semester for which they are planning to come but for the previous year (the offered courses in each semester usually stay the same).   The main number of courses (at least 60%) students will attend at TUM need to be in the TUM department where they are registered in at TUM. Additionally, they can choose courses from other TUM departments.    Please note:  many courses are only  held in German E2 not in English E2 and it is very important for students to confirm the language of instruction for the courses they intend enrolling in! In addition, the fact that a course description is written in English does not necessarily mean that the course is also taught in English! You can find the course language within the course description.  C3A8  Please see the Erasmus agreement regarding requested language levels. It is very important to check the agreements, as the requested language level is different from TUM department to TUM department! Please hold on the level mentioned within the agreements, as acceptance cannot be guaranteed if disregarding it.  Also note again (see E2Csemester datesE2D) : Examinations depend on the TUM department, but often take place between July and end September 2017. Unfortunately, earlier or extra examination dates for exchange students cannot be arranged! They need to take part in the regular examinations as all other TUM students!</span   7. Further steps: acceptance, admission letter,... b  After receiving all studentsC2B4 application documents TUM coordinators will forward them to the concerned TUM department where the final decision of acceptance is made.  After students are accepted by the TUM department ,  they  will receive  their official TUM admission letter via email , which  will be  sent out  from December onwards !   In th e  admission letter they can find further information about next steps:  C2B7  Every student attending TUM  has to pay the  Student union fee  of E2AC 52  and  the  solidary  contribution for the semester ticket  of E2AC 65,  in total E2AC 11 7 /  semester  (as of today) .  C2B7  Additionally every student needs to have  proof of a  German national insurance   (see E2C Legal Requirements E2D) to enroll at TUM (if students are over 30 years old, they do not need an  insurance policy for enrollment at TUM ).   8. Housing  TUM has a very tense situation regarding accommodation in Munich. The application for the Erasmus/ Swiss Program at TUM does not include the supply of a hostel room / Service package offered by the Studentenwerk or TUM. These  students need to search independently for accommodation   on the private market .  Students should only start apartment hunting after they received their acceptance letter from TUM. Useful tips for finding rooms on the private market in Munich (single rooms, apartments,  WGs ( "Wohngemeinschaften" )  can be found here     Important: please help us to support a housing platform (see attached flyer) which is just at the beginning; butE2A6 the more partners are taking part the more we can help in and outgoing students: #!/roomingbecomeswunderflats/      All detailed information regarding the application process, health insurance, German courses at TUM and in Munich, formalities in Germany, ....etc. can also be found in our attached Fact Sheet  or at the following link:      Mr. Arvind Sivamani  Liaison Officer (Outgoing Students)  International Relations  Office of International Relations l 2 nd Floor, IC & SR Building  Indian Institute of Technology Madras l Chennai  600 036 l INDIA  Tel: (91) 0442257 4928  Email: oir4@wmail.iitm.ac.in   Website:    '

