From:
Office of Alumni Affairs 1 <oaa1@iitm.ac.in>

To:
"students@smail.iitm.ac.in" <students@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
28-9-2016

Thread ID:
15765e201bcb3192

Subject:
Talk by Shri Umesh Malhotra ( BT-MT, '90 ), Serial Entrepreneur, on
 Sep 30, 2016, in IC & SR auditorium @ 5 pm

Body:
b'     Dear Students,            Youare invited to  the next talk in the "Leadership Lecture Series", featuring alumni. The talk by Shri Umesh Malhotra ( BTMT, \'90 ), Serial Entrepreneur, is on Friday, Sep 30 at 5 pm IC & SR Auditorium .  NOTE: THERE WILL BE APPR. 30 LECTURES ARRANGED DURING THE 201617ACADEMIC YEAR. STUDENTS WHO ATTEND AT LEAST 80% OF THE LECTURES WILL BE GIVEN A;CERTIFICATEOF COMPLETION BY THE OFFICE OF I & AR. ATTENDANCE MUST BE MARKED BEFORE & AFTER THE LECTURE TO BE VALID.    Title :Entrepreneurship Calling;  I have always wanted to be an entrepreneur. I did not know what it meant but thats what I wanted to be. It was like my father saying he wanted me to be an engineer. During college I tried to sell washing machines to garages unsuccessfully, ran Quark successfully, joined and nearly quit Infosys 3 times to start my own business, finally quit Infosys(while I ran 5% of their business) to start Bangalore Labs. Raised venture capital and sold the company in 2002. At 32, I had completed the first innings of my life.  Post a corporate career, I started a childrens library for middle class children, a social enterprise before the name was coined, then a not for profit to improve libraries in slums and government schools, started restaurants, made angel investments, sat on for profit and not for profit boards and got a different perspective on life. At 40, I had completed the second innings.  I am now actively running a network of preschools and schools for Rural India. We are one of the larger players in the country and are respected amongst the impact community for the potential impact we can make in education. In this 3 rd &nbsp;innings, I am faced with a completely different set of challenges.  In my talk I intend to share through anecdotes the glamor and the heartbreaks of corporate life, entrepreneurship, social entrepreneurship, and what it means to change the world.  A brief bio:  Umesh Malhotra is a serial entrepreneur with experience of working across a range of markets, and product categories. He has sold and serviced customers in USA, Europe and India and has significant experience working with NGOs and consumers in Indian villages. He has worked in product categories like IT services, Restaurants, Education Retail, and Social Entrepreneurship. His organization Hippocampus is known globally as a game changer in education for the poor. He is a Ashoka and Asia Society fellow and is a graduate of IIT Madras.      With regards....  Prof. R. Nagarajan  Department of Chemical Engineering Dean, International & Alumni Relations IIT Madras  email: deaniar@iitm.ac.in Phone: +91 9444008390                                                                                  '

