From:
"Students' Head, E-Cell, IIT Madras" <head_ecell@smail.iitm.ac.in>

To:
students@list.iitm.ac.in, 
	"btech@smail.iitm.ac.in" <btech@smail.iitm.ac.in>, "mtech@smail.iitm.ac.in" <mtech@smail.iitm.ac.in>, 
	"mba@smail.iitm.ac.in" <mba@smail.iitm.ac.in>, "phd@smail.iitm.ac.in" <phd@smail.iitm.ac.in>, 
	"ms@smail.iitm.ac.in" <ms@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
26-9-2016

Thread ID:
15767ba49a17a473

Subject:
SPROUTS || Registrations Opened!

Body:
Hello all,



Greetings from Entrepreneurship Cell and Centre for Innovation !



After spending sleepless nights during quizzes, itE2s time that you 
finally
spend time tinkering on your startup ideas! The SPROUTS program formally
starts accepting E2CseedsE2D and E2CsproutsE2D.



What is SPROUTS?



There are a lot of students in institute who have ideas for startups. A lot
of students who want to work on startups. But for doing that, there is a
huge jump which teams need to make to get incubated. They require the
product, the business model and a good team. We understand that itE2
s not
possible to take such a drastic jump by ourselves and hence, launched this
program to take students from ideastage to startup stage.



SPROUTS will be an attempt for large scale harvesting of ideas from,
primarily, you, the students! This will primarily focus on maximizing the
suggestions on innovation by providing an easy platform to canalize all
ideas and streamline the aye/nay decision making process at each stage of
the idea into clearly defined timelines.



What we provide  

1.     Milestone Based Seed level Funding Support of upto 2 lakh INR
2.     Topical Focused Mentorship from alumni and angel investors
3.     Professionally Facilitated Preincubation space at CFI
4.     Series of targeted workshops
5.     Platform to enable collaboration of likeminded innovation oriented
individuals
6.     and many other opportunities like onetoone interaction with
investors and experts


You have the following two ways in which you could board SPROUTS E2



                       SEED OF AN IDEA

SPROUT

One is a plain Seed of an idea.  This is a cue so that others may build
upon. Every idea coming into the SPROUTS database will be acknowledged.
This is the ISeed stage.


Anyone suggesting an idea at this stage is not obliged to pursue it to the
next stage.


This is to encourage the sheer ideators, who may not have the enthusiasm to
work on an idea but who have the ability to generate a lot of ideas.


However, all the suggestions here will be public to the entire Student
Body.  Anyone can choose to take this to the next stage.

Here, the team pursues the idea to make it a reality. They get constant
mentorship and support from various mentors.


They also get to network with multiple investors and get personalized
support from alumni to convert their idea into a reality.


In addition, teams also get need based seed funding, office space and
anything else that is required to make their idea a success.


This is suitable for people who want to work on their ideas throughout
their tenure at the institute and beyond.

Register Here 

Register Here 



For any queries or doubts whatsoever, contact:


Narayanan V Baradwaj
Ph 9444005046
Email id: narayananvbaradwaj@gmail.com


Regards,

Prithvi Jawahar,

Students' Head,

Entrepreneurship Cell, IIT Madras.



